"A rolling stone gathers no moss" is a proverb.
"But don't you think that it's a little big?" asked the shopkeeper.
"He's a tiger when he's angry" is an example of metaphor.
"How long does it take to get to Vienna on foot?" he inquired.
"I can make it to my class on time," he thought.
"I can't bear to be doing nothing!" you often hear people say.
"I saw her five days ago," he said.
"I want that book," he said to himself.
"I'll be back in a minute," he added.
"I'm the happiest man in the world," Tom said to himself.
"Superman" is showing at the movie theater this month.
"Thank you, I'd love to have another piece of cake," said the shy young man.
"The good die young" is an old saying which may or may not be true.
"What should I do?" I said to myself.
"What will you have to do?" asked her friend.
1980 was the year that I was born.
67% of those who never smoked said they worried about the health effects of passive smoking.
A "renovator's dream" in real estate parlance generally means that the place is a real dump.
A 5% consumption tax is levied on purchases of most goods and services.
A 6% yield is guaranteed on the investment.
A baby has no knowledge of good and evil.
A baby is incapable of taking care of itself.
A bad cold has kept me from studying this week.
A bad cold prevented her from attending the class.
A bad habit, once formed, is difficult to get rid of.
A bad writer's prose is full of hackneyed phrases.
A bat flying in the sky looks like a butterfly.
A bat hunts food and eats at night, but sleeps during the day.
A bat is no more a bird than a rat is.
A bead of sweat started forming on his brow.
A beam of sunlight came through the clouds.
A bear will not touch a dead body.
A beautiful lake lies just beyond the forest.
A beautiful salesgirl waited on me in the shop.
A beautiful woman was seated one row in front of me.
A belt keeps your pants from falling down.
A bicycle will rust if you leave it in the rain.
A big bomb fell, and a great many people lost their lives.
A big bridge was built over the river.
A big surprise was waiting for me at home.
A big wave swept the man off the boat.
A bird can glide through the air without moving its wings.
A bird in the hand is better than two in the bush.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
A bird is known by its song and a man by his way of talking.
A bird was flying high up in the sky.
A blast of cold air swept through the house.
A blender lets you mix different foods together.
A blind person's hearing is often very acute.
A boat suddenly appeared out of the mist.
A book can be compared to a friend.
A book not worth reading is not worth buying in the first place.
A book without preface is like a body without a soul.
A bookstore in that location wouldn't make enough money to survive.
A bottle of shampoo costs as much as a tube of toothpaste.
A boy like Tom doesn't deserve a girl like Mary.
A boy needs a father he can look up to.
A boy of seventeen is often as tall as his father.
A boy snatched my purse as he rode by on his bicycle.
A brass band is marching along the street.
A bright red ladybug landed on my fingertip.
A bunch of people died in the explosion.
A bunch of people told me not to eat there.
A bunch of people were standing outside waiting.
A burglar broke into my house while I was away on a trip.
A burglar broke into the bank last night.
A burglar made away with my wife's diamond ring.
A bus transported us from the airport to the city.
A business cycle is a recurring succession of periods of prosperity and periods of depression.
A bust of Aristotle stands on a pedestal in the entryway.
A bystander videotaped the police beating using their cell phone.
A caged cricket eats just as much as a free cricket.
A camel is a horse designed by a committee.
A capital letter is used at the beginning of a sentence.
A captain controls his ship and its crew.
A captain is in charge of his ship and its crew.
A car drew up at the main gate.
A car drew up in front of my house.
A car in the parking lot is on fire.
A car is a must for life in the suburbs.
A caravan of fifty camels slowly made its way through the desert.
A careful reader would have noticed the mistake.
A careless person is apt to make mistakes.
A cargo vessel, bound for Athens, sank in the Mediterranean without a trace.
A castle stands a little way up the hill.
A cat came out from under the desk.
A cat can see much better at night.
A cat has a tail and four legs.
A cat was sleeping in the bass drum.
A chain is made up of many links.
A chain is no stronger than its weakest link.
A chain is only as strong as its weakest link.
A chain of events led to the outbreak of the war.
A chance like this only comes along once in a blue moon.
A change of air will do you a lot of good.
A cheetah can run as fast as 70 miles per hour.
A child whose parents are dead is called an orphan.
A clear conscience is the sure sign of a bad memory.
A cold wind was blowing on his face.
A combination of several mistakes led to the accident.
A common way to finance a budget deficit is to issue bonds.
A company that stifles innovation can't hope to grow very much.
A comparable car would cost far more in Japan.
A conservative tie is preferable to a loud one for a job interview.
A considerable amount of money was appropriated for the national defense.
A contract with that company is worth next to nothing.
A couple of flights were delayed on account of a minor accident.
A cowboy is driving cattle to the pasture.
A crowd of people gathered in the street.
A crowd of people gathered to see the parade.
A crowd soon gathered around the fire engine.
A crystal chandelier was hanging over the table.
A cup of coffee cost 200 yen in those days.
A customs official asked me to open my suitcase.
A dance will be held in the school auditorium this Friday evening from 7:30 to 10:00.
A day without laughter is a day wasted.
A debugger is a program which allows you to find errors in source code.
A detective arrived upon the scene of the crime.
A dictionary is an important aid in language learning.
A dish can be spicy without being hot.
A doctor should never let a patient die.
A doctor told me that eating eggs was bad for me.
A doctor tried to remove the bullet from his back.
A doctor tried to remove the bullet from the president's head.
A doctor's instruments must be kept absolutely clean.
A dog can run faster than a man can.
A dog has a sharp sense of smell.
A dog jumped onto the chair and lay motionless for five minutes.
A dog that barks all the time doesn't make a good watch dog.
A dog was run over by a truck.
A dog's sense of smell is much keener than a human's.
A dollar is equal to a hundred cents.
A dolphin is no more a fish than a dog is.
A dreary landscape spread out for miles in all directions.
A driver's job is not as easy as it looks.
A drunk driver was responsible for the car accident.
A drunk man's words are a sober man's thoughts.
A drunkard is somebody you don't like and who drinks as much as you do.
A drunken man was sleeping on the bench.
A dry spell accounts for the poor crop.
A dye was injected into a vein of the patient's arm.
A fall from that height would be fatal.
A fallen leaf floated on the surface of the water.
A fat man seldom dislikes anybody very hard or for very long.
A fat white cat sat on a wall and watched them with sleepy eyes.
A female friend of mine loves to go to gay bars with me.
A fence separates the garden from the path.
A few customers have just walked into the store.
A few days ago, you didn't even want to talk to me.
A few days later, Tom found another job.
A few days' rest will do you good.
A few glasses of wine can loosen the tongue.
A few important facts emerged after the investigation.
A few minutes' walk brought him to the zoo.
A few minutes' walk brought me to the shore.
A few minutes' walk brought us to the park.
A few months later they return to their breeding grounds in the Arctic.
A few of the passengers were seriously injured.
A few were drunk most of the time.
A few years ago, in San Francisco, a young woman came to us for vocational advice.
A few years ago, on Mother's Day, I gave my stepmother a locket as a present.
A few years ago, there was a huge scandal at my school.
A few years ago, there was a huge scandal.
A field of grass can be quite beautiful.
A fierce battle was fought by the soldiers.
A fire broke out at the inn where they were staying.
A fire broke out in my neighborhood last night.
A fire broke out in the middle of the city.
A fire broke out in the neighborhood yesterday.
A fire broke out in the supermarket last night.
A fire broke out last night and three houses were burnt down.
A fire broke out on the fifth floor.
A fire broke out on the first floor.
A fire broke out on the ground floor.
A fire broke out on the second floor.
A fire can spread faster than you can run.
A fire was seen to blaze up far away.
A flea can jump 200 times its own height.
A flight attendant was rescued from the wreckage of the passenger plane.
A florist is a person who sells flowers.
A flu shot contains antibodies that fight the H1N1 virus.
A flush is a poker hand where all five cards are of the same suit.
A foreign language can't be mastered in a year or so.
A foreigner asked me where the station was.
A forest fire broke out in this area.
A French translation of this book was published in 2013.
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
A friend is hard to find and easy to lose.
A friend is someone who knows everything about you and still likes you.
A friend is someone who likes you even though he knows everything about you.
A friend of mine called me last night.
A friend of mine came to see me during the day.
A friend of mine came to see me.
A friend of mine came to visit me at my office.
A friend to everybody is a friend to nobody.
A frog in a well doesn't know the ocean.
A full moon is shining bright in the sky.
A fund was launched to set up a monument in memory of the dead man.
A fund was set up to preserve endangered marine life.
A fund was set up with a view to preserving our endangered planet.
A gang of thieves broke into the bank.
A gang of three robbed the bank in broad daylight.
A gas stove provides the most even heat for cooking.
A general election will be held in May.
A gentleman would never do something like that.
A girl approached the king from among the crowd.
A girl came running, with her hair streaming in the wind.
A girl gave me an orange in exchange for a piece of cake.
A girl should not sit with her legs crossed.
A girl with blonde hair came to see you.
A glass of cold water is very refreshing in hot weather.
A glass of water will make you feel better.
A good book is the best of friends, the same today and forever.
A good case can be made for the legalization of drugs.
A good cook doesn't throw out yesterday's soup.
A good craftsman takes pride in his work.
A good doctor is sympathetic to his patients.
A good friend will stand by you through thick and thin.
A good idea occurred to me last night.
A good lawyer would leave no stone unturned in his efforts to defend his client.
A good lie is easier to believe than the truth.
A good many people have told me to take a holiday.
A good night's sleep will do you a world of good.
A good password should be difficult to guess, but easy to remember.
A good poker player can tell when someone's bluffing.
A good question is already half of the answer.
A good reputation is worth its weight in gold.
A good salesman will not encroach on his customer's time.
A good sense of humor will help you deal with hard times.
A good teacher must be patient with his pupils.
A good teacher must be patient with his students.
A good team is a group of individuals who work together to achieve a common goal.
A good yoga session can limber you up like nothing else.
A GPS device can pinpoint your location anywhere in the world.
A great change has come about after the war.
A great crowd waited for the president to speak.
A great deal has happened while you've been away.
A great deal of energy is locked up in the nucleus.
A great number of citizens went into the army.
A great warrior radiates strength. He doesn't have to fight to the death.
A green banana is not ripe enough to eat.
A green carpet will not go with this blue curtain.
A green carpet won't go well with these blue curtains.
A group of children were playing in the park.
A group of young men are playing handball in the playground.
A growing child who doesn't seem to have much energy perhaps needs medical attention.
A guide conducted the visitors round the museum.
A gust of wind knocked the vase off the table.
A half-truth is more pernicious than a lie.
A hammer was used to break the window.
A happy spirit is worth more than a hefty salary.
A heavy snow fell in Kyoto for the first time in ages.
A heavy snow kept us from going to school.
A heavy stone slab was lowered over the grave.
A helicopter is able to take off and land straight up and down.
A holiday this summer is out of the question.
A home is more than a mere building.
A horseshoe and a four-leaf clover bring good luck.
A hot bath made me feel much better.
A house without books is like a room without windows.
A hug from you would make me happy.
A huge federal budget deficit has been plaguing the American economy for many years.
A huge tanker just pulled out from the dock.
A hummingbird is no larger than a butterfly.
A hundred people were hurt in a train wreck.
A husband and wife promise always to love each other.
A is 5 times as long as B.
A is the first letter of the alphabet.
A jack of all trades is a master of none.
A Japanese garden usually has a pond in it.
A Japanese would not have said such a thing.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
A judge will issue a search warrant only if there is probable cause.
A key card is required to open this door.
A known mistake is better than an unknown truth.
A lack of sleep affected the singer's performance.
A large amount of money was spent on the new bridge.
A large bird landed on the window sill.
A large pillar obstructs the view of the lake.
A lawn needs to be mowed regularly and in the right way.
A leading specialist was brought in to authenticate the painting.
A leap year has three hundred and sixty-six days.
A letter was found next to the dead body.
A lie can travel halfway around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes.
A liter of milk contains about thirty grams of protein.
A little heavier rain might cause a flood.
A little reflection will show you that you are wrong.
A little rest would do us a lot of good.
A little walk will give you a good appetite for breakfast.
A local family has offered you a place to stay.
A long piece of thread easily becomes tangled up.
A long spell of rainy weather is harmful to plants.
A long time ago, people didn't live very long.
A long time ago, there was a bridge here.
A long train of camels was moving to the west.
A look of contentment appeared on his face.
A loophole in the law allowed him to escape prosecution.
A lot has changed since I was a kid.
A lot has happened while you've been gone.
A lot of back problems can be attributed to poor sitting posture.
A lot of birthday cards will arrive soon.
A lot of books are published every year.
A lot of companies have pared their staff down to a minimum.
A lot of countries participated in the Olympic Games.
A lot of English words are derived from Latin.
A lot of foreigners visit Japan every year.
A lot of guys around here hate you.
A lot of houses were washed away by the flood.
A lot of jobs are done by computers.
A lot of my classmates think that I'm dumb.
A lot of my hair has fallen out.
A lot of passengers were injured in the accident.
A lot of people applied for the job.
A lot of people are dealing with allergies now.
A lot of people are dealing with hay fever now.
A lot of people are going to tell you that you shouldn't have done that.
A lot of people are now trying to sell their houses.
A lot of people are waiting for Tom.
A lot of people are waiting to see what is going to happen.
A lot of people are worried about Europe.
A lot of people didn't like what we were doing.
A lot of people drowned when the ship sank.
A lot of people feel the same way Tom does.
A lot of people feel the same way you do.
A lot of people in Africa go hungry.
A lot of people in our neighborhood own guns.
A lot of people swim here in the summer.
A lot of people think that bats are birds.
A lot of people think that lawyers get paid too much.
A lot of people went by on the main street.
A lot of people were in the room.
A lot of people were killed by the blast.
A lot of people were killed in World War II.
A lot of students around the world are studying English.
A lot of things happened while you were away.
A lot of things have to be changed.
A lot of wild animals died because there wasn't any food.
A lot of wild animals died for lack of food.
A lot of young people your age are already working and have a family.
A loud knocking at the door woke him up.
A loud noise jolted me awake from a deep sleep.
A lunar month is shorter than a calendar month.
A madman is not accountable for his actions.
A magnet can pick up and hold many nails at a time.
A man came in and sat on the stool next to her.
A man came to visit you last night.
A man came up to me and asked for a match.
A man cannot be judged by his appearance.
A man I didn't know was walking back and forth in front of my house.
A man is known by the company he keeps.
A man is more or less what he looks like.
A man is picking out a tune on the guitar.
A man of wealth has to pay a lot of income tax.
A man stood waving his hand to me.
A man was complaining of something in a sharp voice.
A man was fishing on the opposite bank.
A man who breaks his promises cannot be trusted.
A man who breaks his promises can't be trusted.
A man who never makes mistakes is a man who does nothing.
A man who smacks his wife around is contemptible.
A man who speaks the truth needs a fast horse.
A man who wanted to see you came while you were out.
A man whose wife is dead is called a widower.
A man with a big dog came in.
A man with a full belly thinks no one is hungry.
A man with a gun attempted to commandeer the bus.
A man's body dies, but his soul is immortal.
A man's happiness depends on what he is rather than on what he has.
A man's happiness doesn't depend on what he has, but on what he is.
A man's life has its ups and downs.
A man's worth lies in what he is rather than what he has.
A man's worth lies in what he is.
A man's worth lies not in what he has but in what he is.
A man's worth lies not so much in what he has as in what he is.
A map helps us to know where we are.
A meal without wine is like a day without sunshine.
A merchant is a person who buys and sells goods.
A mere glance is not enough for us to tell one from the other.
A micrometer is one millionth of a meter.
A mile is equal to about 1,600 meters.
A millennium spans a period of ten centuries.
A moldy loaf of bread lay on the table.
A molecule of water is made up of one oxygen and two hydrogen atoms.
A monkey is climbing up a tall tree.
A month has passed and the work has made little progress.
A monument has been erected to the memory of the deceased.
A monument was erected in memory of the deceased.
A moral person doesn't lie, cheat, or steal.
A more experienced lawyer would have dealt with the case in a different way.
A mortgage rate of six percent is becoming the current industry average.
A mother must protect her child's teeth from decay.
A museum is a great place to find a date.
A nephew is a son of one's brother or sister.
A network of railroads spreads all over Japan.
A new bridge is being built over the river.
A new building is being built in front of my house.
A new hotel will be built here next year.
A new kind of bullet had been invented.
A new model isn't necessarily any better than the older one.
A new museum is being built in the center of the city.
A new team was formed in order to take part in the boat race.
A nice day, isn't it? Why not go out for a walk?
A nod is as good as a wink to a blind horse.
A note was attached to the document with a paper clip.
A nuclear war will bring about the destruction of mankind.
A number of cars are parked in front of my house.
A number of countries have strict laws against drugs.
A number of tickets are sold in advance.
A pack of dogs tracked the fox to its lair.
A pair of earrings is a nice present for her.
A parallelogram is a quadrilateral formed from two sets of parallel lines.
A party is a good place to make friends with other people.
A party of scientists were on board with them.
A party will be held next Saturday, that is to say, on August 25th.
A passenger airplane took off for the USA.
A passenger fainted, but the stewardess brought him around.
A passenger fainted, but the stewardess brought him round.
A passing car hit a puddle and splashed water all over me.
A passport is something you cannot do without when you go to a foreign country.
A passport is usually necessary when you travel overseas.
A pelican can fit a lot of fish in its beak.
A Persian cat was sleeping under the table.
A person views things differently according to whether they are rich or poor.
A person who chases two rabbits won't catch either.
A person who won't read has no advantage over one who can't read.
A person with a BMI of 25 to 29 is considered overweight.
A person with common sense would never do this kind of thing.
A person's face tells a great deal about his character.
A pet theory of mine is that things should be seen from a distance.
A piano is expensive, but a car is more expensive.
A pick is a long handled tool used for breaking up hard ground surfaces.
A picture of the fugitive was plastered all over the newspapers.
A piece of bread was not enough to satisfy his hunger.
A pistol bullet went clean through his leg.
A plastic cup is better than one made of real glass.
A plastic dish will melt on the stove.
A plea bargain is out of the question.
A poet looks at the world as a man looks at a woman.
A police officer told me to stop the car.
A policeman was gazing at a suspicious pedestrian.
A polite manner is characteristic of Japanese people.
A poll shows that an overwhelming majority is in favor of the legislation.
A ponytail is the simplest hairstyle for long hair.
A poor rice harvest will get us into real trouble.
A poor school record will count against you when you look for a job.
A portrait of an old man was hanging on the wall.
A pot belly is an occupational hazard for office workers.
A preliminary hearing is scheduled for October 20th.
A priest was called in to give last rites to the dying man.
A professional thief can jimmy a car door in no time.
A prophet is not recognized in his own land.
A pub is a place where people come together to drink beer.
A pub is a popular gathering place in which to drink beer.
A puppet does not know that it is being controlled.
A putrid smell came up out of the hole in the ground.
A quarterly growth of 1.2% means an annual growth rate of 4.8%.
A rabbit got caught in the snare I had set.
A rabbit has long ears and a short tail.
A rack of lamb makes a great meal.
A ragtag group of protesters marched on the capital.
A railway bridge is already being built over the river.
A rat chewed a hole in the wall.
A real Canadian would never do such a thing.
A rebuttal will be published in the next issue.
A recent survey shows that the number of smokers is decreasing.
A reception was given for the Japanese foreign minister.
A red light was glowing in the dark.
A relationship based on total honesty is bound to fail.
A revised edition of the encyclopedia was published.
A room without books is like a body without a soul.
A rubber ball bounces because it is elastic.
A rush-hour traffic jam delayed my arrival by two hours.
A selfish man thinks of nothing but his own feelings.
A sensible man wouldn't say such a thing in public.
A sentence doesn't have to be long to be beautiful.
A seventh chord is composed of four notes.
A severe ocean storm hit the West Indies.
A ship that transports oil is called an oil tanker.
A silhouette of a girl appeared on the curtain.
A slip of the tongue is sometimes fatal to a politician.
A slip of the tongue often brings about unexpected results.
A small car is more economical than a large one.
A small gain is better than a great loss.
A small snowball is capable of starting an avalanche.
A smart dog never barks for no reason.
A smile is the best cure for a bad mood.
A sneeze leaves your body at forty miles an hour.
A solution acceptable to all parties was finally reached.
A special tax is imposed on very high incomes.
A spell of fine weather enabled us to get the harvest in safely.
A sprain like this should heal within a week or so.
A square is always a rectangle, but a rectangle is not always a square.
A square is both a rectangle and a rhombus.
A stampede of desperate parents fill toy stores in the days before Christmas.
A stay of execution was ordered at the eleventh hour.
A stocky man with a swarthy complexion snatched Mary's handbag and disappeared into the crowd.
A storm prevented the plane from taking off.
A strange man came up to me and asked for money.
A strange man was walking back and forth on the pavement.
A strange sound was heard from behind the door.
A stranger came up and asked me the way to the hospital.
A stranger came up to me and asked the way.
A stranger is a friend you just haven't met yet.
A stranger spoke to me on the bus.
A stray dog followed Tom home and he decided to keep it.
A stream of people came out of the theater.
A strong gust of wind capsized the boat.
A strong wind severed the electric wires in several places.
A successful business is built on careful financial management.
A swarm of locusts descended on the cornfield.
A tall boy is standing at the gate.
A tall building was built next to my house.
A tanker is a ship that carries crude oil.
A taxi is more expensive than a bus.
A teacher must be fair with his students.
A teacher should never make fun of a student who makes a mistake.
A teacher's pay is less than that of a lawyer.
A teacher's salary is lower than a lawyer's.
A team is only as strong as its weakest member.
A thief broke in and made off with all my jewelry.
A thief broke into the house to steal the money.
A time bomb went off in the airport killing thirteen people.
A tourist died after falling off a cliff.
A traffic accident caused us a lot of trouble.
A traffic accident deprived him of the use of his left hand.
A triathlon is a forbidding test of endurance.
A trip by boat takes longer than by car.
A trip to America is out of the question.
A trip to America this summer is out of the question.
A trip to America was equivalent to a two-year salary for her.
A trip to Mars may become possible in my lifetime.
A truck stopped crosswise in the middle of the road.
A truck was standing in the middle of the road.
A true friend would not say such a thing.
A true friendship is more valuable than money.
A true gentleman would not betray his friends.
A true scientist would not think like that.
A trust fund has been set up for each of the children.
A T-shirt isn't appropriate attire for a job interview.
A tsunami is coming, so please be on the alert.
A tuft of hair showed from underneath her cap.
A university job would give you a lot more free time.
A verdict and a sentence are different things.
A very old stone bridge connects the two riverbanks.
A very unfortunate case came to our attention several years ago.
A vigilante bypasses the law and takes matters into his own hands.
A violent thought instantly brings violent bodily movements.
A violinist I know says that he owns a Stradivarius.
A voyage to the moon in a spaceship is no longer a dream.
A war may break out at any moment.
A watered down compromise resolution is better than none at all.
A well is a place where you can get water.
A well-made cup of coffee should require no cream or sugar.
A white car has been tailing me for the last two miles.
A winter sport that many people enjoy is ice skating.
A wise businessman knows how to clamp down on costs.
A wise man would not act in that way.
A wise man would not say such a thing.
A wisp of hair fell over his left eye.
A woman visited us while you were sleeping.
A woman was hanging the washing on the line.
A woman was kind enough to show me the way.
A woman whose husband is dead is called a widow.
A woman's wardrobe isn't complete without a little black dress.
A wounded whale washed up on the beach.
A year has passed since he came here.
A young girl was at the steering wheel.
A young man asked us if he could succeed as a public speaker.
A young man broke into my house last night.
A young man is singing in front of the door.
A young man waited in line to see him.
About half of the world's population is Asian.
About how many days will it take to get there?
About how many days will you be in Boston?
About how many hours does it take by car?
About how many hours does it take to do that?
About how much will I have to pay for all the treatments?
About how much would it cost to have this chair repaired?
About one third of the earth's surface is land.
About this time tomorrow, we'll be climbing Mt. Fuji.
Above all things, we must not be selfish.
Above all, be careful about what you eat and drink.
Absence of rain caused the plants to die.
Accidents will happen when they are least expected.
According to a recent study, the average life span of the Japanese is still increasing.
According to an estimate, steel production will reach 100 million tons this year.
According to legend, ghosts would appear in that forest, so people would not set foot there.
According to legend, those woods used to be haunted, so people would avoid entering.
According to many religions, adultery is a crime.
According to my accountant, this isn't a good time to invest in the stock market.
According to my calculation, she should be in India by now.
According to our bargain, you have to pay half.
According to our teacher, she entered the hospital.
According to some scholars, a major earthquake could occur at any moment now.
According to statistics, world population is on the rise.
According to the Bible, God created the world in six days.
According to the Bible, God made the world in six days.
According to the news, he was eaten by sharks.
According to the newspaper, he participated in the plot.
According to the newspaper, it's going to rain today.
According to the newspapers, he will be here today.
According to the paper, it will snow tomorrow.
According to the paper, there was a big fire in Boston.
According to the paper, there was an earthquake in Peru.
According to the papers, the man has finally confessed.
According to the TV, it will rain tomorrow.
According to the weather forecast, it will clear up tomorrow.
According to the weather forecast, it'll snow tomorrow.
According to the weather forecast, it's going to rain.
According to the weather forecast, the rainy season will set in next week.
According to the weather forecast, the typhoon is approaching Okinawa.
According to the weather forecast, the typhoon is likely to approach the coast.
According to the X-ray, everything is all right.
According to this magazine, my favorite actress will marry a jazz musician next spring.
According to today's paper, there was a big earthquake in Chile yesterday.
According to today's paper, there was a fire in the city.
According to Tom's doctors, his condition is incurable.
According to TV news, there was a plane crash in India.
According to what I heard, they have broken up.
According to what they say, that boy is very good at singing.
Acidification of the ocean will, in time, threaten the very existence of the Great Barrier Reef.
Activist groups for the environment and food safety question the product's safety.
Activists try to prevent disease in poor countries.
Actors and politicians never pass up a photo op.
Actually it might be a good idea to start right now.
Actually, I did want to ask you one thing.
Actually, I don't like the way your hair is done.
Add 5 and 2, and you get 7.
Add 5 to 3 and you have 8.
Add a few more names to the list.
Add a few words before I seal the letter.
Add a little more milk to my tea, please.
Adding comments makes it easier to read the code.
Adding comments makes the code easier to read.
Additional imports of American beef are planned to meet rising demand.
Admission to the show is by ticket only.
Admit it, Tom, you're still in love with me.
Adobe and Apple both have top-notch video editing programs.
Adopting a low calorie diet will increase your lifespan.
Afraid of hurting his feelings, I didn't tell him the truth.
African elephants have bigger ears than Asian elephants.
After a bit of googling, I suspect that what you said may not be true.
After a brief peace, war broke out again.
After a couple of drinks, the guy was feeling no pain.
After a few minutes, I began to lose interest in the conversation.
After a few minutes, the electricity came back on.
After a little time off, I plan to go on another concert tour.
After a long argument, I finally gave in.
After a slow summer season, business began to pick up.
After a ten-minute break, we resumed our rehearsal.
After a while, corn flakes in milk will become soggy.
After a while, passion and infatuation ooze away.
After a year's practice, she plays the piano after a fashion.
After an absence of seven years, I went home.
After asking for my key at the front desk, I took the elevator to my floor.
After being in a coma for three weeks, Tom regained consciousness.
After breakfast, we went out for a walk.
After days of warm weather, it became cold.
After decades of civil war, order was restored.
After dinner, bring your guitar along and we'll sing.
After eight months, he eventually started dating girls again.
After English, German is the most popular foreign language in Russia.
After getting through customs, I was free to go wherever I wanted.
After he came back from service in Afghanistan, Tom was plagued by flashbacks and nightmares.
After he heard the news, Tom was in seventh heaven.
After he left school, he went to London.
After hearing the tragic news, he went outside to be alone.
After her graduation from college, she went over to the United States.
After her husband's death, she brought up the two children all by herself.
After his accident, he is happy to be alive.
After his death, his paintings were hung in the museum.
After his wife died, he lived for quite a few more years.
After I finished my homework, I watched baseball on TV.
After I got married, my Japanese got better and I could understand more.
After I graduated from college, I got a job with my father's company.
After I graduated from college, I spent two years traveling around the world.
After I had done my homework, I went to bed.
After I shut the door, I remembered I had left my key behind.
After I watched TV, I went to bed.
After losing his job, he went through a very difficult time.
After months of negotiations, the peace treaty was completed.
After much debate, we decided to spend our holidays in Spain.
After my leg heals, I'll be able to move around again.
After reading his books I feel I can construct a house.
After running up the hill, I was completely out of breath.
After she had lunch, she got ready to go out.
After six games, Sampras had the edge on his opponent.
After some hesitation, he laid the book on the desk.
After spending hours out in the cold winter wind, my skin got all chapped and dry.
After spending three weeks looking for a job, he found a well-paid one.
After ten years as business partners, they decided to part ways.
After the Christmas party was over, we all went out caroling.
After the concert, the crowd made for the nearest door.
After the earthquake, many people decided to sleep outside in tents.
After the explosion, I saw three guys limping out of the restaurant.
After the fire, the smell of smoke in the air lasted for days.
After the fire, the smell of smoke remained in the air for days.
After the game, he went straight home to feed his dog.
After the heavy rains, the river overflowed its banks.
After the hurricane, their house was a wreck.
After the meal, I asked for the bill.
After the rain, there were puddles on the street.
After the summer holidays, the children have to go back to school.
After the war, he managed to escape to South America.
After they argued, they didn't speak to each other for a week.
After they had finished their work, they went out.
After they received the results, all of them were depressed.
After three hours in the casino, he's $2,000 in the hole.
After using the knife, please be sure to put it back where it was.
After visiting the castle, we went to eat.
After walking for about an hour, we got to the lake.
After we finish digging the trench, planting the flowers will be easy.
After we finished eating, we went for a walk.
After we walked for a while, we arrived at the lake.
After we walked for a while, we got to the lake.
After what happened, I would've thought Tom would go back to Boston.
After working all week, we took it easy on Sunday.
After you have read it, give the book back to me.
Against the snow, the white rabbit was invisible.
Agriculture remains the backbone of the Kenyan economy, contributing one-third of GDP.
Agriculture was developed more than 10,000 years ago.
Aiding and abetting the enemy is considered treason.
Air is a mixture of gases that we cannot see.
Air is a mixture of gases that we can't see.
Air is to man what water is to fish.
Air is to men what water is to fish.
Air is to us what water is to fish.
Air pollution is a serious problem in this country.
Air pollution prevents some plants from growing well.
Air, like food, is a basic human need.
Airplanes enable people to travel great distances rapidly.
Al Capone was finally sent away for tax evasion.
Albert Einstein's theory of relativity is the most famous formula in the world.
Alcohol affects you more quickly on an empty stomach.
Alcohol consumption is higher in Eastern Europe than in Western Europe.
Aliens are often depicted with dark, almond-shaped eyes.
All at once, I heard a shrill cry.
All at once, the Buddhist priest burst into laughter, spoiling the solemn atmosphere.
All communication with that airplane was suddenly cut off.
All during my trip I could not keep you out of my mind.
All eyes were glued on the TV set as the election results came in.
All four of my son's great-grandmothers are still living.
All four of the boys didn't have alibis.
All future meetings will be held in this room.
All good things must come to an end.
All great men are dead and I'm not feeling too well myself.
All happy families resemble each other, each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
All he is thinking about is meeting her.
All he wanted was time to finish his painting.
All her carefully made plans began to unravel one by one.
All his hopes evaporated when he lost his only son in the war.
All horses are animals, but not all animals are horses.
All humanity will suffer if a nuclear war breaks out.
All humans on Earth are descended from a common ancestor.
All I ask is that you show up on time.
All I ask of you is a little patience.
All I can do is to do my best.
All I can do is work in silence.
All I can say is that I'd rather not go.
All I found is a pair of scissors.
All I know about Tom is that he's a teacher.
All I know is that he came from China.
All I know is that she left last week.
All I need is enough money to buy food.
All I need is just a little more time.
All I want for Christmas is a guitar.
All I want for Christmas is a new tattoo.
All I want is a chance to apologize.
All I want is another chance to do that.
All I want is for you to be happy.
All I want is someone special in my life.
All I want is to be alone for a few months.
All I want is to make you happy.
All I want is to speak with you.
All I want now is a glass of water.
All I want now is a hot shower and a good night's sleep.
All I want to do is close my eyes and get some sleep.
All I want to do is finish what I started.
All I want to do is get back home.
All I want to do is sit here and drink this bottle of wine with you.
All I want to do now is sleep.
All I want you to do is talk to us.
All I wanted to do was to go home and cry.
All I wanted was a little more attention.
All in all, the international conference was a success.
All in all, the novel was a success.
All in all, this was a nice party.
All in all, we had a good time at the party.
All living things on earth depend on one another.
All mushrooms are edible, but some only once.
All my friends like the same kind of music that I do.
All of a sudden all the lights went out.
All of a sudden the sky became overcast.
All of a sudden, a dog began barking.
All of a sudden, all the lights went out.
All of a sudden, he proposed to me.
All of a sudden, I felt a sharp pain in my stomach.
All of a sudden, I remembered that I couldn't pay for so many books.
All of a sudden, large drops of rain began falling from the dark sky.
All of a sudden, she began to laugh.
All of a sudden, the barn went up in flames.
All of a sudden, the clerk lost his temper.
All of a sudden, the enemy bombs came down on us like rain.
All of a sudden, the fire alarm went off.
All of a sudden, three dogs appeared in front of us.
All of a sudden, Tom and I were alone.
All of my brothers and sisters were born in Boston. I was born in Chicago.
All of my brothers died in the war.
All of my children go to school in Boston.
All of my children were born in Boston.
All of my classmates are taller than I am.
All of my friends are out of town.
All of my friends go to public schools.
All of my friends got asked to dance except me.
All of my great-grandparents died before I was born.
All of my kids want to learn French.
All of my relatives are taller than me.
All of my students call me by my first name.
All of the apples that fall are eaten by the pigs.
All of the children had gone to bed before it got dark.
All of the students have to wear the same uniform.
All of the town was destroyed by a fire.
All of these letters are addressed to you.
All of us have some interest in history. In a sense, we are all historians.
All of us live in the same dorm.
All of us want to live as long as possible.
All of us went to the theater to see a play.
All of us were excited with the result of the experiment.
All of us were shocked by the news.
All of us will die sooner or later.
All of your accusations are without foundation. She's innocent and we're going to prove it.
All our children go to school in Boston.
All our teachers were young and loved teaching.
All passengers are required to show their tickets.
All people can become friends, even if their languages and customs are different.
All schoolchildren are half price during Christmas break.
All sorts of people came to the exhibition.
All sorts of rumors were floating around about her.
All taxpayers have the right to know where their money goes.
All that you have to do is to follow his advice.
All that you have to do is to wait for his reply.
All the answers to this question were wrong.
All the apples that fall are eaten by the pigs.
All the characters in this book are imaginary.
All the characters in this drama are fictional.
All the cherry trees in the park are in full bloom.
All the children fell asleep before it got dark.
All the data on my computer is encrypted.
All the doctor's efforts were in vain and the man soon died.
All the dogs were straining at their leashes.
All the doors of the house were closed.
All the eggs in the box were broken.
All the English teachers at my son's school are native speakers.
All the essays, other than yours, were good.
All the floors in her house are made of wood.
All the flowers in the garden are yellow.
All the flowers in the garden died for lack of water.
All the girls wanted to dance with Tom.
All the goods for sale are set out on the tables.
All the guests were touched by her hospitality.
All the hens are already in the henhouse.
All the houses in this neighborhood look so much alike that I can't tell them apart.
All the houses on my street lost power this morning due to the storm.
All the inmates are present and accounted for.
All the kids at school made fun of me because I was fat.
All the leaves on the tree turned yellow.
All the lights in the building have gone out.
All the members of the committee hate one another.
All the members were not present at the meeting yesterday.
All the money in the world won't help you if you're stuck on a desert island.
All the money put together still won't be enough.
All the money spent, we started looking for work.
All the names are listed in alphabetical order.
All the passengers aboard were killed in the crash.
All the passengers got seasick during the storm.
All the people present were moved by his speech.
All the people who go to church believe in God.
All the people who were here have left.
All the sheep were huddled together in the shade of the only tree in the paddock.
All the skill of the sailors gave way to the violence of the storm.
All the songs I sang for you today were written by me.
All the students of the university have access to the university library.
All the things I bought have already arrived.
All the villagers went out into the hills to look for a missing cat.
All the words underlined in red should be checked for spelling.
All the workers at this factory are female.
All these books will be worth their weight in gold someday.
All these people need to be hospitalized and treated.
All they had to do was show up on time.
All things considered, he is a good teacher.
All things considered, I think you should go back home and take care of your parents.
All things considered, my father's life was a happy one.
All things considered, she is a fairly good wife.
All things taken into consideration, my father's life was a happy one.
All this bickering is starting to fray my nerves.
All this damage is the result of the storm.
All this impulse buying is going to leave you saddled with debt.
All this junk needs to be hauled away.
All this technical jargon is gibberish to me.
All three of my brothers are now somewhere in Boston.
All three of our daughters will be here for Christmas.
All three of you need to do that.
All Tom does all day long is play the guitar.
All we can do is to wait for him.
All we can do is wait for him.
All we can do is wait for the police to arrive.
All we want to do is sit down and rest.
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
All you can do is trust one another.
All you have to do is apologize for being late.
All you have to do is ask him to pay the debt.
All you have to do is fill in this form.
All you have to do is follow his advice.
All you have to do is follow me.
All you have to do is press the button.
All you have to do is push this button to take a picture.
All you have to do is push this button.
All you have to do is push this red button.
All you have to do is sign your name here.
All you have to do is sit down here and answer the doctor's questions.
All you have to do is study harder.
All you have to do is take advantage of this rare opportunity.
All you have to do is to concentrate.
All you have to do is to hand this book to him.
All you have to do is to join us.
All you have to do is to make a comment.
All you have to do is to meet her there.
All you have to do is to meet her.
All you have to do is to obey my orders.
All you have to do is to wait for her reply.
All you have to do is to write your name and address here.
All you have to do is try your best.
All you have to do is wait for his arrival.
All you have to do is wash the dishes.
All you have to do is write a few sentences about what you did yesterday.
All you have to do is write it down.
All you have to do to secure a seat is to wait in line.
All you need to do is trust each other.
Allow me to introduce my wife to you.
Almost a third of the gunshot victims were teenagers.
Almost all the workers objected to working at night.
Almost every tourist carries a camera with him.
Almost no one thinks that we are sisters.
Along with thousands of others, he fled the country.
Although he is young, he is very careful.
Although he thought he was helping us, he was only in the way.
Although he was wrong, he didn't say he was sorry.
Although I grew up on a farm, I don't know much about agriculture.
Although I may be unhappy, I won't commit suicide.
Although I was exhausted, I continued to work.
Although I was sick, I did my best.
Although it was raining, I had to go out.
Although it was still early, it was already hot outside.
Although it was very late, he kept working.
Although most islands in the ocean have been mapped, the ocean floor is generally unknown.
Although my car is very old, it still runs very well.
Although our universe is still young, theorists are busy exploring its ultimate fate.
Although she has many weaknesses, I trust her.
Although she is rich, she dresses quite simply.
Although the sun was out, it was cold.
Although there's little chance of success, let's try it.
Although they are twins, they have few interests in common.
Although we don't have much money, I want to buy this painting.
Aluminum doesn't conduct electricity as well as copper does.
Always be smarter than people who hire you.
Always look on the bright side of life.
Always try to see the best in people.
Am I correct in assuming you've finished doing what we asked you to do?
Am I fully covered in case of an accident?
Am I really the only one here who doesn't understand French?
Am I seeing what I think I'm seeing?
Am I supposed to answer that question now?
Am I supposed to be afraid of you?
Am I supposed to believe any of that?
Am I the only one that agrees with you?
Am I the only one that doesn't agree with you?
Am I the only one that sees the humor in this?
Am I the only one who agrees with you?
Am I the only one who didn't understand what was going on?
Am I the only one who thinks that person looks like Obama?
America is often referred to as a melting pot.
America likes to claim that it is a "classless" society.
American generals believed they could win an easy victory.
American kitchens are much bigger than Japanese ones.
American movies are popular all over the world.
American politics are interesting to watch, especially during a presidential election.
Americans are frank enough to say what they think.
Americans have to spend hours figuring out their taxes.
Americans like football in the same way that Japanese like baseball.
Americans may regard shy people as less capable than those who are not shy.
Americans need a visa to travel to China.
Americans spend much of their free time at home.
Americans vote for a new president every four years.
Americans, in general, don't like to dress up.
Amnesia is a partial or total loss of memory.
Amnesty International often organizes public protests in support of political prisoners.
Among the five of us, she, without a doubt, speaks the most languages.
Among the guests invited to the party were two foreign ladies.
Among the guests were the mayor and his wife.
Among the items found in the purse was the photo of a man.
Among the wind instruments, the aboriginal didgeridoo made of eucalyptus was his favorite.
An 18-year-old male is in hospital after an altercation at a party last night.
An American spoke to me at the station.
An animal can be much more dangerous when wounded.
An anonymous benefactor bequeathed several hundred thousand dollars to an animal shelter.
An ant can lift more than 50 times its weight.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.
An apple will float in water, a pear won't.
An argument may be logically sound without being true.
An arrest warrant was issued for the company's accountant.
An article about our school appeared in the newspaper.
An atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima in 1945.
An autopsy will be done in the next few days.
An awning broke his fall and saved his life.
An eagle was soaring high up in the air.
An eagle's wings are more than one meter across.
An elderly person was resting under a tree.
An electric guitar doesn't sound the same as an acoustic one.
An elephant isn't as big as a whale.
An Englishman would not pronounce it like that.
An honest man would not do such a thing.
An hour has sixty minutes, and a minute has sixty seconds.
An hour of sleep before midnight is worth two hours of sleep after midnight.
An important function of policemen is to catch thieves.
An important quality of steel is its strength.
An insurgency led by Maoists broke out in 1996.
An IQ score of 100 is considered average.
An old castle stands on top of the cliff.
An old man lay dead on the road.
An old man sat next to me on the bus.
An old man was resting in the shade of the tree.
An old proverb says that time is money.
An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.
An uncle is the brother of one of your parents.
An understanding of people is the greatest weapon you can possess.
Ancient archeological sites are under threat in Syria.
Ancient astronomers noticed constellations and gave them names.
Ancient coins were found inside the mysterious tomb.
And he let the two men sleep at his home.
And now you wish perhaps to learn on less familiar traps?
And then, he chased the cattle, the sheep and everyone out of the temple.
And what do I have to do now?
And when were you planning to tell me?
And while I'm at it, I have another question.
And who are you working for these days?
And why would I do something like that?
And with that we finish the activities for today.
Animals can't tell what's real and what's fake.
Another batch of cookies are coming out of the oven.
Another interesting source of energy is the heat that can be recovered from radioactive waste material.
Another thing that is required is a dictionary.
Anticipating a cold winter, we bought a bigger stove.
Ants can lift things that are more than 50 times their own weight.
Any apartment will do as long as the rent is reasonable.
Any book will do as long as it is interesting.
Any book will do provided it is interesting.
Any man wearing a toupee fears a windy day.
Any play opening to bad reviews won't last long.
Any song sung in French puts me in a sexy mood.
Any teacher that can be replaced by a machine should be.
Any time will do so long as it is after six.
Anybody wanna grab something to eat with me?
Anyone can do it as long as they try.
Anyone can do their bit to protect the environment.
Anyone can learn to juggle with a bit of practice.
Anyone can make a speech here on Sundays.
Anyone can produce salt from seawater with a simple experiment.
Anyone else want to give it a try?
Anyone over eighteen years of age counts as an adult.
Anyone who can only think of one way to spell a word obviously lacks imagination.
Anyone who criticizes him is asking for trouble.
Anything that is too stupid to be spoken is sung.
Anything the group decides is OK is fine with me.
Anything you could do in support of their effort would be very much appreciated.
Anything you say can be used against you.
Anything you say may be used against you.
Anyway, I'm glad you were able to broach this difficult subject.
Apart from a couple of early setbacks, the project is progressing well.
Apart from a few mistakes, your composition was excellent.
Apart from a few spelling mistakes, it is a good composition.
Apart from his parents, no one knows him very well.
Apart from his parents, no one knows him well.
Apart from insulin, the pancreas also produces enzymes.
Apart from on rainy days, I always ride my bike to work.
Apparently my bare feet bothered him more than anything else.
Apparently, the murder happened in a locked room.
Apparently, there is nothing that cannot happen today.
Apples were on sale today, so I bought a lot of them.
Approximately 300 houses were built here last year.
Are both of your sisters as beautiful as you are?
Are both of your sisters as beautiful as you?
Are there any cute boys in your class?
Are there any cute girls in your class?
Are there any English magazines in this library?
Are there any French magazines in your school library?
Are there any good movies being shown this week?
Are there any letters for me in today's mail?
Are there any liquids or sharp objects in your luggage?
Are there more sheep in Wales or in New Zealand?
Are there penguins living at the North Pole?
Are these the glasses you were looking for?
Are these the pictures that you took in Boston?
Are these the pictures that you took yesterday?
Are these the pictures you took in Boston?
Are they arriving at ten o'clock in the morning or at night?
Are we going to talk about this or not?
Are we really going to Boston next week?
Are you a member of a sports club?
Are you a member of the baseball team?
Are you a morning person or a night person?
Are you able to buy a ticket after boarding the train?
Are you absolutely certain that isn't going to happen?
Are you absolutely certain that that isn't going to happen?
Are you absolutely certain that that's not going to happen?
Are you absolutely certain that's not going to happen?
Are you absolutely sure that it was Tom you saw?
Are you absolutely sure you want to sell your father's guitar?
Are you accusing me of being a liar?
Are you aware of how much she loves you?
Are you aware you're being named in a lawsuit against the federal government?
Are you blaming me for your lack of success?
Are you certain that that's what you want?
Are you certain you've made the right decision?
Are you closer to your mother or to your father?
Are you coming to the concert with me?
Are you coming to the store with me?
Are you content with your position in the company?
Are you doing anything special for New Year's Eve?
Are you doing something special on your birthday?
Are you doing what you think is right?
Are you embarrassed to be seen with me?
Are you familiar with the rules of soccer?
Are you getting much out of that book?
Are you going by plane or by train?
Are you going by train or by car?
Are you going on foot or by bus?
Are you going to ask Mary to go to the prom with you?
Are you going to be at this afternoon's meeting?
Are you going to be home for Christmas?
Are you going to break up with me if I get fat again?
Are you going to break up with Tom?
Are you going to buy that dress you were looking at yesterday?
Are you going to continue working until 10:00?
Are you going to cut down all the trees here?
Are you going to cut down all these trees?
Are you going to do anything special for Christmas?
Are you going to do something about it?
Are you going to do that anytime soon?
Are you going to do your homework this afternoon?
Are you going to eat the rest of your stew?
Are you going to give Tom anything for Christmas?
Are you going to go anywhere this summer?
Are you going to go home earlier than usual today?
Are you going to go out with Tom again?
Are you going to go to Australia next week?
Are you going to go with me or not?
Are you going to have dinner at home?
Are you going to have dinner here with me?
Are you going to help us or not?
Are you going to help us tomorrow morning?
Are you going to invite her to the party?
Are you going to invite Tom to the party?
Are you going to mow the lawn today?
Are you going to renew your lease when it expires?
Are you going to sell Tom your house?
Are you going to show me what you bought?
Are you going to spend Christmas with Tom?
Are you going to stay in bed all day?
Are you going to take part in the contest?
Are you going to tell me your name?
Are you going to tell us what happened?
Are you going to visit any other countries?
Are you going to vote for Tom Jackson?
Are you going to vote in the upcoming election?
Are you going to write to your father?
Are you happy with your new bass guitar?
Are you happy with your new sports car?
Are you in a bad mood or something?
Are you in a safe place right now?
Are you in favor of or against that policy?
Are you in favor of the new law?
Are you just going to stand there all day?
Are you on your way to the station?
Are you on your way to the tennis court?
Are you planning on staying in Boston for a long time?
Are you planning to go Christmas caroling this year?
Are you planning to take part in the meeting?
Are you ready to hear the bad news?
Are you really as old as you say you are?
Are you really going to Boston next weekend?
Are you really going to let Tom do that?
Are you really going to let Tom go there by himself?
Are you really interested in my honest opinion?
Are you satisfied with the political situation in your country?
Are you saying I have no sense of humor?
Are you saying I shouldn't be doing this?
Are you saying my life is in danger?
Are you saying that I don't have a brain?
Are you saying that my life is in danger?
Are you saying that you don't want to see me anymore?
Are you saying you don't want to be a teacher anymore?
Are you seriously thinking about buying a computer from that store?
Are you seriously thinking about buying that old car?
Are you seriously thinking about driving all night?
Are you seriously thinking about eating all that?
Are you seriously thinking about getting a divorce?
Are you seriously thinking about getting married again at your age?
Are you seriously thinking about pursuing a career as a race car driver?
Are you seriously thinking about quitting your job?
Are you seriously thinking about selling this on eBay?
Are you seriously thinking about selling this online?
Are you seriously thinking about starting your own business?
Are you so stupid that you can't see it?
Are you spending enough time with your kids?
Are you still asking yourself what the meaning of life is?
Are you still going to spend Christmas with Tom?
Are you still hungry or have you had enough?
Are you still in love with your wife?
Are you still living in the same place?
Are you still planning on buying a new computer?
Are you still planning on going back to Boston?
Are you still planning to quit your job?
Are you still thinking about applying to Harvard?
Are you still working for the same company?
Are you suggesting that it's beyond my comprehension?
Are you sure about the cost of that car?
Are you sure that we're going in the right direction?
Are you sure that you don't want me to go with you?
Are you sure that you have enough money?
Are you sure that you haven't forgotten anything?
Are you sure that you know what to do?
Are you sure that you locked the door?
Are you sure that you want to do that?
Are you sure that you want to do this?
Are you sure that you want to give this away?
Are you sure that you want to go there?
Are you sure that you want to quit your job?
Are you sure there's no meat in this soup?
Are you sure there's nothing else to drink?
Are you sure there's nothing else to eat?
Are you sure there's nothing left to do?
Are you sure this is a good idea?
Are you sure this is going to work?
Are you sure this is the right address?
Are you sure this is the right road?
Are you sure this is the right train?
Are you sure this is the right way to do it?
Are you sure this is what Tom wanted us to buy?
Are you sure this is what you want?
Are you sure this isn't going to hurt?
Are you sure we can't repair this camera?
Are you sure we're allowed to swim here?
Are you sure we're doing the right thing?
Are you sure we're going in the right direction?
Are you sure you did everything you were supposed to do?
Are you sure you don't need my help?
Are you sure you don't want a cup of coffee?
Are you sure you don't want anything to eat?
Are you sure you don't want me to go with you?
Are you sure you don't want me to help you do the laundry?
Are you sure you don't want something a little smaller?
Are you sure you don't want something to eat?
Are you sure you don't want to come in?
Are you sure you don't want to come tonight?
Are you sure you don't want to come with me to get a cup of coffee?
Are you sure you don't want to come?
Are you sure you don't want to consider another option?
Are you sure you don't want to do that?
Are you sure you don't want to do this?
Are you sure you don't want to drive?
Are you sure you don't want to go with us?
Are you sure you don't want to keep it?
Are you sure you don't want to live at home with your parents?
Are you sure you don't want to use the toilet before you go?
Are you sure you don't want to wait till tomorrow?
Are you sure you have the right address?
Are you sure you know what to do?
Are you sure you know what you're doing?
Are you sure you know where Tom's house is?
Are you sure you saw someone on the bridge?
Are you sure you want to do it?
Are you sure you want to do this by yourself?
Are you sure you want to go through with this?
Are you sure you want to leave now?
Are you sure you want to leave without saying goodbye?
Are you sure you want to put your life in her hands?
Are you sure you want to throw that away?
Are you sure you're not taking on too much?
Are you telling me how to do my job?
Are you telling me that I can't go?
Are you telling me Tom doesn't do that anymore?
Are you telling me you've never studied French?
Are you telling this story or am I?
Are you the girl Tom has been dating?
Are you the girl Tom has been hanging out with?
Are you the one that asked me to be here?
Are you the one who caused this mess?
Are you the one who wrote that report?
Are you trying to get rid of me?
Are you trying to make a fool of me?
Are you wearing that dress for the first time?
Are you willing to give it a try?
Are you willing to help me with that work?
Are you willing to make a small concession in order to achieve your goal?
Are you wondering what we ended up doing?
Are you worried about any major problems other than your current situation?
Are your ankles swollen when you wake up in the morning?
Aren't you a little young for this position?
Aren't you a little young to be doing this?
Aren't you a little young to be driving?
Aren't you afraid of losing all your money?
Aren't you ashamed of the way you behaved?
Aren't you even going to ask me where I was?
Aren't you glad you didn't go to Boston?
Aren't you going to be home for Christmas?
Aren't you going to do anything special for Christmas?
Aren't you going to give me a kiss?
Aren't you going to invite Tom to the party?
Aren't you going to invite Tom to your party?
Aren't you going to spend Christmas with Tom?
Aren't you going to take your coat off?
Aren't you hot? Why don't you take off your sweater?
Aren't you planning to go Christmas caroling this year?
Aren't you supposed to be at work right now?
Aren't you the one who's always saying we should spend more time together?
Aren't you the only one who has a key to this door?
Aren't you worried it might be a trap?
Armenia joined the World Trade Organization in 2003.
Armstrong was the first man to reach the moon.
Art is not a luxury, but a necessity.
Artificial light is produced by means of electricity.
As a boy, he would go to the seaside every summer.
As a matter of fact, he was convinced.
As a matter of fact, his lecture was boring.
As a matter of fact, I do speak French.
As a matter of fact, it is true.
As a matter of fact, she is my sister.
As a result of his carelessness, he made a serious blunder.
As a result of the war, many people died.
As a rule, he arrives at the office about eight-thirty in morning.
As a rule, I go to school before eight o'clock.
As a writer, she does not fit into any of the traditional categories.
As always, he got up early in the morning and went jogging.
As an Englishman, he is particularly sensitive to the differences between English and American usage.
As F. Scott Fitzgerald famously noted, the rich are different from you and me.
As far as I am concerned, I have no objection to the plan.
As far as I am concerned, I have no objection.
As far as I am concerned, I have nothing to say.
As far as I know, he did nothing wrong.
As far as I know, he has never been overseas.
As far as I know, he has never come on time.
As far as I know, he has never made such a mistake.
As far as I know, he is a person who keeps his promises.
As far as I know, he is a reliable man.
As far as I know, he is a reliable person.
As far as I know, he is a very kind man.
As far as I know, he is an honest man.
As far as I know, he is honest and reliable.
As far as I know, he is honest.
As far as I know, he is not married.
As far as I know, he isn't lazy.
As far as I know, he won't come.
As far as I know, he's a diligent student.
As far as I know, he's a nice guy.
As far as I know, he's an excellent student.
As far as I know, he's an honest man.
As far as I know, I'm in perfect health.
As far as I know, she has not yet married.
As far as I know, she hasn't departed yet.
As far as I know, she is a kind girl.
As far as I know, she is a very good person.
As far as I know, she is still missing.
As far as I know, she's still unmarried.
As far as I know, such a function doesn't exist.
As far as I know, that isn't true.
As far as I know, that never happened.
As far as I know, the book has never been translated into Japanese.
As far as I know, the novel is not translated into Japanese.
As far as I know, the rumor is not true.
As far as I know, the rumor isn't true.
As far as I know, there is no such word.
As far as I know, there were no problems during the first semester.
As far as I know, this is the latest edition.
As far as I know, this is the only translation available.
As far as I know, Tom doesn't have a girlfriend.
As far as I know, Tom has never attempted to kill himself.
As far as I know, Tom has never tried to commit suicide.
As far as I know, Tom is still married.
As far as I'm concerned, I have no objection to the plan.
As far as I'm concerned, things are going well.
As far as the eye could see, there was nothing but sand.
As food and drink is to animals, so are rain and sunshine to plants.
As for me, I have nothing against the plan.
As for me, I have nothing to say.
As for me, I like chicken better than pork.
As for me, I'm not satisfied with the result of the examination the other day.
As for me, there is nothing more I want to say.
As global warming increases, sea levels get higher and higher.
As had been expected, the weather turned out to be very fine.
As he entered the hall, two men approached him.
As he gets older, he's getting more and more stubborn.
As he grew older, he became more obstinate.
As he grew up, he learned to put things in perspective.
As I entered the bar, I heard a sad song playing on the jukebox.
As I got the train this morning, I met an old friend of mine.
As I told you before, I have no choice.
As I was having lunch, the phone rang.
As I was reading, I became more interested.
As I was tired, I went to bed.
As incredible as it may seem, she ordered a knuckle of ham with sauerkraut.
As is often the case with her, she was late for the meeting this afternoon.
As is often the case with him, he came late.
As is often the case with him, he was late again.
As is often the case with him, he was late.
As is usual with him, he arrived a quarter of an hour late.
As it is, prices are going up every week.
As it turned out, he knew everything about me.
As it was late, the decision was postponed until the following day.
As long as I know the money is safe, I will not worry about it.
As long as we live, we have to work.
As long as we love each other, we'll be all right.
As long as we've driven this far, we might as well go on.
As long as you keep quiet, you can stay here.
As long as you live in my house, you'll follow my rules.
As more paper money came into use, the value fell.
As of tomorrow, this e-mail address will be invalid.
As soon as he comes back, let me know.
As soon as he felt his house shake, he rushed out into the garden.
As soon as he graduated, he went to work in his father's general store.
As soon as he returns, I will tell you.
As soon as he saw a policeman, he ran away.
As soon as he saw me, he ran away.
As soon as he saw the policeman, he ran away.
As soon as he was left alone, he opened the letter.
As soon as he went out of the house, it began to rain.
As soon as he went to bed, he fell asleep.
As soon as I can afford it, I plan to travel around the world.
As soon as I can afford to buy a house, I will.
As soon as I can figure out how to send money, I'll send you some.
As soon as I can get the chance, I'll come for a visit.
As soon as I can get the chance, I'll help your mother paint the fence.
As soon as I can get the chance, I'll send you some money.
As soon as I find it, I'll bring it over to your place.
As soon as I finish writing the report, I'll send it to you.
As soon as I get to London, I'll drop you a line.
As soon as I got home, I went to bed.
As soon as I got home, it began to rain.
As soon as I got home, the telephone rang.
As soon as I have it, I'll forward it to you.
As soon as I hung up, the phone started ringing again.
As soon as I left home, it began to rain.
As soon as it gets dark, the fireworks will start.
As soon as I've finished doing that, I'll help you.
As soon as she got her salary, she spent it all.
As soon as she got on the train, it pulled out of the station.
As soon as she heard the bell ring, she answered the telephone.
As soon as she opened the door, a cat ran out.
As soon as she saw me, she burst out crying.
As soon as she saw me, she greeted me with a smile.
As soon as she saw me, she started to cry.
As soon as she wakes up, we'll turn on the music.
As soon as the accident occurred, a police car rushed to the scene.
As soon as the bell rang, we got up.
As soon as the child saw his mother, he stopped crying.
As soon as the dog saw me, it began to bark.
As soon as the door opened, they ran away.
As soon as the new teacher entered the classroom, the students began to applaud.
As soon as the results are made public, I'll let you know.
As soon as they have collected the necessary funds, they can restart their project.
As soon as they return, I will telephone you.
As soon as Tom gets here, we'll leave.
As soon as we find out anything, we will contact him.
As soon as we get the answer, we'll phone you.
As soon as we get the tickets, we'll send them to you.
As soon as we got to the lake, we started swimming.
As soon as you get the wall painted, you can go home.
As soon as you have done that, I would like you to start preparing supper.
As strange as it may sound, what Tom said is true.
As the bus was late, I got a taxi.
As the date of the wedding approached, Tom started having second-thoughts.
As the proverb goes, time really is money.
As the sun rises, the morning mist gradually fades away.
As the train pulled out, they waved goodbye to their parents.
As there were no taxis, we walked back.
As these trees grow tall, they rob the grass of light.
As time went on, the sky grew darker and darker.
As to your final grade, that depends on your final examination.
As usual, he was the last to arrive at the theater.
As we age, our ability to remember gets worse.
As we ate our meal, we talked about what we had done that day.
As we go up higher, the air becomes thinner.
As we grow older, our memory becomes weaker.
As we went around the corner, the lake came into view.
As winter approaches, the days get shorter and shorter.
As you can see, I haven't done any cleaning in the house for some time.
As you climb higher, the air becomes colder.
As you get older, you're going to have more of these kinds of problems.
As you go up higher, the air becomes thinner.
As you know, we were late due to the heavy rain.
As you make your bed, so you must lie in it.
As you requested, I have attached a recent passport-sized photograph.
Ash Wednesday is the first day of Lent.
Asia is roughly four times the size of Europe.
Ask a silly question and you'll get a silly answer.
Ask him if he will attend the meeting.
Ask him when the next plane will be.
Ask him whether she is at home or not.
Ask him whether they still live in Tokyo.
Ask only questions that can be answered with yes or no.
Ask Tom if he's going to the party tonight.
Ask Tom if Mary can take care of herself.
Asking a woman how old she is is not a good idea.
Asking questions is the best way to learn.
Astronomy is by no means a new science.
At 10 o'clock yesterday, there were hundreds of people outside.
At a glance, he knew that the child was hungry.
At a young age, I had to learn to fend for myself.
At any rate, he was satisfied with the results.
At any rate, I hope you can come.
At any rate, I must finish this work by tomorrow.
At any rate, I will do my best.
At any rate, it will be a good experience for you.
At any rate, the program was a success.
At any rate, we can't change the schedule.
At Christmas he went out of his way to buy me a really nice model plane.
At Christmas she went out of her way to buy me a really nice model plane.
At first, I didn't know what to do.
At first, I had difficulty understanding people when they spoke too fast.
At first, I mistook you for your brother.
At first, I thought he was your brother.
At first, they were all convinced he was innocent.
At last, he became aware of his own mistakes.
At last, her dream to be a doctor came true.
At last, I caught up with my friends.
At last, she gave in to him and told him the secret.
At last, she hit on a good idea.
At last, spring has come to this part of Japan.
At last, the gem was in his hands.
At last, the truth became known to us.
At last, the truth was revealed to us.
At last, they experienced the joy of victory.
At last, they reached the top of the mountain.
At last, you've hit the nail on the head!
At least cereal has a long shelf life.
At least for now, I'm not going to say anything.
At least let me help set the table.
At least you'll have something to write home about.
At night, parents tuck their children into bed.
At night, we could hear the wolves howling.
At our company, the retirement age is 60.
At our high school, French is an elective.
At present, the cause of the disease is unknown.
At school he was always at the top of his class.
At seventy, my father is still very active.
At some point, we have to face facts.
At that time, I was still a student.
At that time, I was still taking French lessons.
At that time, she was a student at Yale.
At that time, she was bathing in the sun.
At that time, we were young and strong.
At the ball, everyone raved about my dress.
At the best hotels, there is always someone at your beck and call.
At the edge of the forest, I met a tall man in a hunting outfit.
At the end of a working day, everybody is in a hurry to get home.
At the end of the day, the right decision was made.
At the end of the speech she repeated the word.
At the foot of the hill is a beautiful lake.
At the moment you're in no condition to drive.
At the moment, I have a pretty good job.
At the most, the trip will cost $1,000.
At the party, one of his political opponents humiliated him in the presence of many guests.
At the sight of the dog, the cat ran off.
At the sound of my voice, my dog pricked up his ears.
At the start of every weekend, I am both tired and happy.
At the start, I was really still a bit scared.
At the station, I had the hardest time finding my ticket.
At the time of the accident, almost all of the passengers on the bus were sleeping.
At the time, astronomy was still intrinsically linked to astrology.
At the time, our country was confronted with serious economic difficulties.
At the top, there was a clump of trees.
At this beer hall, you can order beers up to one liter in size.
At this rate, we'll have to change the schedule.
At this time, there's no safer place to be than right here.
At times I feel like quitting my job.
At what age do you want to get married?
At what point do we start to worry?
At what time did you hear the gunshot?
At your age, you ought to know better.
Atomic energy can be used for peaceful ends.
Atomic energy can be utilized for peaceful purposes.
Atoms cannot be seen with your own eye.
Attach a recent photograph to your application form.
August is the eighth month of the year.
Australia is one of the countries I want to visit before I die.
Australia is smaller in size than South America.
Autonomy was granted in 1969 and independence in 1979.
Autumn came and the leaves started to fall.
Autumn is the best season for going on hikes.
Avoid crossing this street when it is raining.
Babies grow up inside the amniotic fluid in the womb.
Back in those days, I loved to play checkers.
Back then, I didn't earn enough to support my family.
Bad weather upset our plans to go on a hike.
Baking a cake takes more time than frying an egg.
Bananas and chocolate go well together, don't they?
Banks charge higher interest on loans to risky customers.
Barack Obama's mother, Ann Dunham, was an anthropologist.
Baseball is said to have been invented in Cooperstown in 1839.
Basketball was my favorite sport in high school.
Be alert when you cross a busy street!
Be at the train station at eleven sharp.
Be careful near the edge of the cliff.
Be careful not to confuse sympathy for empathy.
Be careful not to drive on the wrong side of the road.
Be careful not to slip in the bathtub.
Be careful not to step in the mud puddle.
Be careful not to step on the dog's tail.
Be careful not to trip over this rock.
Be careful, there are cougars in this area.
Be careful. There's a hole in the floor.
Be it ever so humble, there's no place like home.
Be quiet and get back in the car.
Be quiet, or the baby will wake up.
Be quiet. If you aren't quiet, you'll be thrown out.
Be sure to check in at least 45 minutes prior to departure time.
Be sure to drop in on us if you come our way.
Be sure to drop us a line as soon as you get to London.
Be sure to look over your paper again before you hand it in.
Be sure to put out the fire before you leave.
Be sure to turn off the light when you leave the room.
Be sure to turn out the light when you go out.
Bear in mind that, under such circumstances, we have no alternative but to find another buyer.
Because he didn't want to lose face, he refused my offer to help him.
Because her parents got divorced, the girl had little contact with her father.
Because his parents had died when he was young, his uncle brought him up.
Because I live near the school, I come home for lunch.
Because I was in a hurry, I had to take a taxi.
Because it was cold yesterday, I stayed home.
Because my mother is sick, my father will cook today.
Because my mother was ill, I could not go there.
Because of a shortage of work, half the staff was discharged.
Because of his age, my grandfather doesn't hear well.
Because of his wealth, he was able to become a member of that club.
Because of modern communication and transportation systems, the world is getting smaller.
Because of rain, I could not go out.
Because of rain, we couldn't go to the beach.
Because of that virus, many elephants lost their lives.
Because of the bad weather, I didn't go.
Because of the bad weather, the plane's departure was delayed by two hours.
Because of the dense fog, nothing could be seen.
Because of the dense haze, the road was hard to see.
Because of the drought, the grass has withered.
Because of the heavy fog, we could barely see the road in front of us.
Because of the pills I took, the pain went away.
Because of the poor harvest, wheat prices have gone up in the last six months.
Because of the rain, we had to eat our picnic inside.
Because of the rain, we weren't able to play tennis outside.
Because of the snow, I couldn't see anything.
Because of the snow, the train didn't run.
Because of the storm, we couldn't search for the lost child.
Because of the storm, we had no choice but to stay at home.
Because of the typhoon, the school was closed.
Because of the water shortage, I couldn't take a bath.
Because of you, I'm having problems with my blood pressure.
Because of your advice, I was able to succeed.
Because of your symptoms, you must be temporarily medically isolated.
Because some urgent business came up, he wasn't able to go to the concert.
Becoming a father isn't difficult, however, being a father is very difficult.
Beekeepers remove the honeycomb to collect the honey.
Beethoven went over to the piano, sat down and began to play.
Before going home, I have a few drinks to relax.
Before going to study in Paris, I must brush up on my French.
Before going to work in Paris, I must brush up on my French.
Before he went fishing, he dug up some worms for bait.
Before I go to bed, I listen to music.
Before I knew it, I couldn't see the birds.
Before we begin, a number of preliminary remarks are in order.
Before we go anywhere, we should exchange some money.
Before we say goodbye, there's something I'd like to ask you.
Before you can love others, you need to be able to love yourself.
Before you go to visit him, you should make sure he's at home.
Behind the tall building there is a bookstore.
Being a mom is harder than I thought.
Being a parent is harder than I expected.
Being an only child, he was the sole heir.
Being aware of what and how much we eat is essential to good health.
Being deeply thankful, he tried to express his thanks.
Being ill, I stayed at home all day long.
Being too nervous to reply, he stared at the floor.
Being very tired, I went to bed early.
Being written in great haste, this letter has quite a few mistakes.
Believe it or not, I can actually draw.
Believe it or not, she has three children.
Believe it or not, this woman has three kids.
Believe me when I tell you that I don't love you.
Believe me, everything he's told you is a crock.
Benjamin Franklin was an American politician and inventor.
Berlin has the best air quality of any large European city.
Besides being a surgeon, he was a famous writer.
Besides being an actress, she was a famous painter.
Besides lending books, libraries offer various other services.
Better a broken promise than none at all.
Better bread without butter than cake without freedom.
Better the devil you know than the devil you don't.
Better to be the head of a dog than the tail of a lion.
Better to die on our feet, than to live on our knees.
Better to err on the side of caution.
Better to extend an olive branch than launch a missile.
Between 1820 and 1973, the United States admitted more than 46 million immigrants.
Between you and me, I don't like our new team captain.
Between you and me, I think our boss is stupid.
Between you and me, Tom's idea doesn't appeal to me very much.
Birds are singing here and there in the park.
Birds sometimes cause accidents by getting in the way of airplanes.
Birds usually wake up early in the morning.
Black smoke spewed out of the third-story windows.
Blend the blue paint with the yellow paint.
Blend the red paint with the blue paint.
Blind people read by touching, using a system of raised dots called Braille.
Blondes earn 7% more than women with any other hair color.
Blood pressure is important as a barometer of health.
Blood spatter analysis plays an important role in determining what has happened at a crime scene.
Blow out all the candles on the birthday cake at once.
Blue whales are the largest animals in the world.
Blue whales are the largest animals on earth.
Books are for people who wish they were somewhere else.
Books are to the mind what food is to the body.
Books such as these are too difficult for him.
Boston is one of the cities that I really want to visit.
Both boys and girls should take cooking class in school.
Both drinking and smoking are bad for your health.
Both he and I are high school students.
Both my father and my brother work in this factory.
Both of her sons died during the war.
Both of her sons died in the war.
Both of my parents were brought up in the country.
Both of the entrances to the room are guarded.
Both of the girls are wearing white suits.
Both of those girls are in love with you.
Both of those students didn't pass the test.
Both of us began to smile almost at the same time.
Both of us knew that that would happen.
Both of us want to see the movie.
Both the house and the garden are in a bad state.
Both Tom and Mary are in their thirties.
Both Tom and Mary didn't know how to send a fax.
Both Tom and Mary have decided to resign.
Both Tom and Mary know that isn't true.
Both Tom and Mary know that that isn't true.
Both Tom and Mary know that that's not true.
Both Tom and Mary know that's not true.
Both Tom and Mary know who we are.
Both you and I should lose a little weight.
Bows are used for hunting and for archery.
Boxers have to weigh in before a fight.
Boys don't like girls who talk too much.
Boys, as a rule, are taller than girls.
Bradford is arguably the ugliest town in Britain.
Brazil supplies us with much of our coffee.
Bread is made from flour, water and yeast.
Break the eggs and separate the yolks and whites.
Breakfast is served from 7:30 a.m. to 11:00 a.m.
Bring as many boxes as you can carry.
Bring me a clean plate and take the dirty one away.
Bring me a cup of coffee, will you?
Bring me some bread, butter, ham and cheese.
British and Japanese cars have steering wheels on the right side.
British English differs from American English in many ways.
Brush your teeth at least twice a day.
Brush your teeth before you go to sleep.
Buildings are much stronger now than they used to be.
Bungee jumping isn't as much fun as it looks.
Bunk beds are a way to save space.
Burglars broke into our apartment and stole my wife's fur coat.
Burj Khalifa is currently the tallest skyscraper in the world.
Burn this letter after you finish reading it.
Buses in the country don't usually come on time.
Business people exchange cards at the beginning or end of a meeting.
But his name is slightly familiar to me.
But I don't think it's at all odd.
But it lets us get into the church.
But of course that was a long time ago.
But very soon, the battle would become fierce.
But we don't have anything in common at all.
But why am I telling you all this?
Butter is sold by the pound in the USA.
Buy me another beer and I'll think on it.
Buyers often have no idea what they're buying.
Buying a new TV won't make you happy.
Buying such an expensive car is out of the question.
By chance, I met her in the street.
By signing a contract, you agree to certain terms and conditions.
By the time he finds out, it will be too late.
By the time he retires, my father will have worked for almost thirty years.
By the time my father retires, he will have worked for almost thirty years.
By the time she gets there, it will be nearly dark.
By the time we got there, it was already dark.
By the time we got there, it was already too late.
By the time we got there, the ship had left.
By the time you come back, I'll be gone.
By the time you get back, I'll be gone.
By the way, did you have any spare time to go sightseeing while you were there?
By the way, do you have any spare batteries?
By the way, do you play the violin?
By the way, have you heard from her since then?
By the way, have you seen him lately?
By the way, how many kids are going?
By the way, how many of you are keeping a diary?
By the way, I have something to tell you.
By the way, I think you're really nice.
By the way, I've got to tell you something.
By the way, what happened to the money I lent you?
By what authority do you order me to do this?
Caesar leaves Gaul, crosses the Rubicon, and enters Italy.
Call me if you want to do something together tomorrow.
Call me up at seven in the morning.
Calm down. I'll come over as soon as possible.
Calm down. It's not the end of the world.
Calm down. We're just a few minutes from the hospital.
Cambodia appealed to the United Nations for help.
Camels are often used to travel in the desert.
Camping is impossible where there is no water.
Camping so near the river isn't a good idea.
Can a case be made for late-term abortions?
Can a child of her age distinguish good from bad?
Can a person born blind ever understand what colors are?
Can anybody tell me how to do this?
Can anyone tell me what I should do next?
Can anyone vouch for your whereabouts last night?
Can eating just vegetables help you lose weight?
Can I ask why this is so important to you?
Can I at least give you a hug?
Can I be of any assistance to you?
Can I be of any service to you?
Can I borrow a pen? Mine's on its last legs.
Can I borrow it for about two weeks?
Can I borrow this for a little while?
Can I borrow your book for a minute?
Can I borrow your eraser for a moment?
Can I borrow your pen for a few minutes?
Can I borrow your pencil for a bit?
Can I borrow your phone for a moment?
Can I buy a ticket on the bus?
Can I call you back in twenty minutes?
Can I come in for a few minutes?
Can I count on Tom to do that?
Can I extend my stay by a day?
Can I get a cup of coffee to go?
Can I get an advance on my salary?
Can I get either of you a drink?
Can I get you a cup of tea?
Can I get you something to wet your whistle?
Can I give you a bit of advice?
Can I give you a little friendly advice?
Can I give you a piece of advice?
Can I have a word with Tom in private?
Can I have a word with you alone?
Can I have a word with you in private?
Can I have the paper when you're finished with it?
Can I have two hamburgers and a coke, please?
Can I have your name and telephone number?
Can I hire a guide who speaks French?
Can I interest you in a game of cards?
Can I pay for the book by check?
Can I pay you with a personal check?
Can I persuade you to stay a few more days?
Can I please have something hot to drink?
Can I rely on you to be here on time tomorrow?
Can I ride this horse for a while?
Can I see the special exhibit with this ticket?
Can I see what's on the other channels?
Can I see you in my office for a minute?
Can I set a place at the table for you?
Can I speak to the person in charge?
Can I take my shirt off? It's so hot in here.
Can I talk to someone who speaks French?
Can I talk to you about your son?
Can I talk to you alone for a second?
Can I talk to you for a minute?
Can I talk to you for a moment?
Can I talk to you for a sec?
Can I talk to you for a second please?
Can I talk to you for a second, please?
Can I talk to you for a second?
Can I talk to you for just a second?
Can I talk to you in private for a minute?
Can I talk to you in private for a second?
Can I talk to you outside for a minute?
Can I tell my father what you want?
Can I tempt you to try another piece of cake?
Can I try on this pair of shoes?
Can I use a credit card for payment?
Can I use this area to raise vegetables?
Can I use your car for a little while?
Can I use your dictionary for a minute?
Can I use your phone for a sec?
Can one of you open the door for me?
Can someone explain it to me in detail?
Can someone tell me where the keyboard is?
Can this be just between you and me?
Can we apply this rule in this case?
Can we go to the lake and watch the sunrise?
Can we just not talk for a minute?
Can we move on to the next item?
Can we please not talk about it anymore?
Can we reach a consensus on this issue?
Can we really learn to speak a foreign language like a native?
Can we talk about this for a minute?
Can we talk about what happened last night?
Can we talk about what happened that day?
Can you account for all the money you spent?
Can you at least be happy for me?
Can you at least pretend you're enjoying yourself?
Can you believe it? He's even lazier than me.
Can you believe it? She's even lazier than me.
Can you briefly sum up what was said at the meeting?
Can you buy one for me as well?
Can you catch fish with your bare hands?
Can you check if the phone is out of order?
Can you complete the job in two days?
Can you count to one hundred in French?
Can you describe the situation you were in?
Can you direct me to the nearest subway station?
Can you direct me to the post office?
Can you do that for all of us?
Can you drive a car with manual transmission?
Can you drive me to the airport tomorrow morning?
Can you eat the skin of a kiwi?
Can you eat the skin of a kiwifruit?
Can you elaborate on this a little more?
Can you explain the rules to me, please?
Can you explain why you turned down their proposal?
Can you find me a babysitter for tonight?
Can you fix this or should I call a plumber?
Can you get it done before the end of the week?
Can you get that to me by the end of the day?
Can you get the work finished in time?
Can you get Tom to a safe place?
Can you give me a brief description of the thief?
Can you give me a cup of tea?
Can you give me a geological explanation of lava?
Can you give me a lift to the station?
Can you give me a lift to the train station?
Can you give me a little bit more time?
Can you give me a ride to the office on Wednesday?
Can you give me a ride to the station?
Can you give me a slice of bread?
Can you give me your telephone number, please?
Can you give us your point of view?
Can you give us your thoughts on that?
Can you go to the office by train?
Can you guess where I am right now?
Can you guys tell us where we are?
Can you help me fill out this form?
Can you help me fix my flat tire?
Can you help me translate that into French?
Can you help me with the washing up?
Can you help me write a love letter?
Can you imagine him driving such a splendid car?
Can you imagine walking around on the moon?
Can you imagine what life will be like for them now?
Can you imagine what life would be like without television?
Can you imagine what our life would be like without electricity?
Can you imagine what our lives would be like without electricity?
Can you imagine what the 21st century will be like?
Can you introduce me to a lawyer who speaks French?
Can you iron this T-shirt for me, please?
Can you jump over a chair from a standing position?
Can you just tell me now, so I don't have to come back tomorrow?
Can you keep an eye on the pasta?
Can you lend me a pair of tweezers?
Can you listen to me for a minute?
Can you loan me thirty dollars for a cab?
Can you look after my dog while I'm away?
Can you make it so she can get on that TV program?
Can you make out a light in the distance?
Can you make out what he is trying to say?
Can you name all the trees in the garden?
Can you persuade him to join our club?
Can you pick me up at the airport?
Can you pick me up at the station?
Can you please close the windows before you leave?
Can you please help me for just a minute?
Can you please help me set the table?
Can you please take this package to the post office?
Can you please tell me what time the train leaves?
Can you please tell me where the nearest public telephone is?
Can you please tell me where the restaurant is?
Can you please tell me your name once more?
Can you point me in the right direction?
Can you print out this document for me?
Can you promise me that you won't do that?
Can you promise me you won't do that?
Can you promise me you won't tell Tom?
Can you prove that what you said is true?
Can you put some sunscreen on my back?
Can you put some suntan lotion on my back?
Can you put the baby in the car seat?
Can you put the cart back where it belongs?
Can you put up with the way he behaves?
Can you quote me a price for the house?
Can you reach what's on the top shelf?
Can you read that sign ahead of us?
Can you read what's written on the blackboard?
Can you recommend a good dictionary to me?
Can you recommend a good restaurant for dinner?
Can you remember how much you paid for this?
Can you remember how slow the Internet used to be?
Can you remember the first time that you swam?
Can you remember the first time we met each other?
Can you remember the first time you ate at this restaurant?
Can you remember the first time you heard the Beatles?
Can you remember the first time you swam?
Can you remember the first word you learned in English?
Can you save enough money for the down payment?
Can you see the big white building over there?
Can you see what's wrong with this picture?
Can you show me how to do it?
Can you show me how to do this?
Can you show me how to tie a tie?
Can you show me where I am on this map?
Can you show me where you live on this map?
Can you show us how to do that?
Can you shut the door on your way out?
Can you spare me a few minutes? I'd like to have a word with you.
Can you spin a basketball on your fingertip?
Can you still remember the time we first met?
Can you still remember when we first met?
Can you still remember where we first met?
Can you supply me with all I need?
Can you supply me with everything I need?
Can you swim as fast as he can?
Can you take care of the children for a moment?
Can you take me to the airport, please?
Can you take me with you on the plane?
Can you take my sister to the airport?
Can you take over the driving for a while?
Can you take the lid off this box?
Can you talk a little bit about that?
Can you teach me how to do somersaults?
Can you teach me how to do that?
Can you teach me how to play the bagpipes?
Can you teach me how to play the guitar like you do?
Can you teach me how to ride a horse?
Can you teach me how to swear in French?
Can you tell me a little about yourself?
Can you tell me anything about what's going to happen here today?
Can you tell me how to fill in this form?
Can you tell me how to get to the station?
Can you tell me how to get to the train station?
Can you tell me how you found out that Tom wasn't at school today?
Can you tell me the exact time, please?
Can you tell me what day it is today?
Can you tell me what this symbol means?
Can you tell me what this word means?
Can you tell me what you mean by that?
Can you tell me what you want to do?
Can you tell me what you're doing here?
Can you tell me what you're talking about?
Can you tell me what you're trying to do?
Can you tell me when the next bus will arrive?
Can you tell me where I am on this map?
Can you tell me where I can find Tom?
Can you tell me where the nearest bus stop is?
Can you tell me where the nearest pay phone is?
Can you tell me where the restrooms are?
Can you tell me where the subway entrance is?
Can you tell me where you are right now?
Can you tell me which button to press?
Can you tell me who is coming tonight?
Can you tell me who's going to come tonight?
Can you tell me why Tom hasn't done that?
Can you tell me why Tom isn't here?
Can you tell me why you like him?
Can you tell me why you want to work for us?
Can you tell the difference between a seal and a sea lion?
Can you tell the difference between an American and a Canadian?
Can you tell us a bit more about that?
Can you tell us about your experience in developing technical materials?
Can you tell us what happened to you?
Can you tell us what the bank robber looked like?
Can you tell us what the ingredients are?
Can you tell what kind of apple this is?
Can you think of a better idea than this one?
Can you think of any better way to do this?
Can you think of any reason why that might be the case?
Can you touch your toes without bending your legs?
Can you translate this manuscript from French to English?
Can you understand the meaning of this paragraph?
Can you understand the meaning of this sentence?
Can you verify that this message came from Tom?
Can you verify that this message is from Tom?
Can you wake me up at 7:00 tomorrow?
Can you wake me up at seven o'clock tomorrow morning?
Can you walk to school, or do you have to take the bus?
Can you watch my bag for a minute?
Can you watch my dog while I'm away?
Can you watch my stuff for a minute?
Can you watch your brother for a little while?
Canada and Mexico both share a border with the USA.
Canada is really big and there are lots of people.
Canadian officials weighed the supplies of each man.
Cancer can be cured easily if it is found in its first phase.
Cancer can be cured if discovered in time.
Can't this wait until things are back to normal?
Can't we talk about it in the morning?
Can't you ever be punctual? I have been waiting here for one hour.
Can't you hear all the car horns honking behind us?
Can't you just take my word for it?
Can't you keep your dog from coming into my garden?
Can't you move your stuff to the other room?
Can't you reach the book on the shelf?
Can't you see a stapler somewhere around there?
Can't you see it's bigger than the both of us?
Can't you tell me how to do this?
Car accidents are the leading cause of death for teenagers in the United States.
Car production in that year reached a record 10 million vehicles.
Carbon dating was performed on the sample to determine its age.
Carbon monoxide is a poisonous substance formed by the incomplete combustion of carbon compounds.
Carpentry and bricklaying are examples of manual labor.
Carrots are good for the eyes. Have you ever seen a rabbit with glasses on?
Cars built nowadays are different from the ones built in the 70's.
Cars parked illegally on this street will be impounded.
Cats can see things even when it's dark.
Cats have the ability to see in the dark.
CEO's of American corporations are paid several times their Japanese counterparts.
Certain details of the crime were not made public.
Certainly he is handsome and intelligent, but there is something about him that I can't like.
Cesar Chavez was born on a small farm near Yuma, Arizona in 1927.
Chance led to the discovery of the new island.
Charles Lindbergh made the first solo flight across the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
Charles Moore created Forth in an attempt to increase programmer productivity without sacrificing machine efficiency.
Check up on the accuracy of this article.
Cheese and butter are products made from milk.
Cheese and other dairy products do not agree with me.
Cheese can easily be cut with a knife.
Cheese is easy to cut with a knife.
Cherry blossoms last only for a few days, a week at the most.
Chicken eggs are richer in vitamin A than quail eggs.
Chicken pox is a common sickness in children.
Childhood is one of the most important stages in a person's life.
Children are drawing on the pavement with chalk.
Children are often very good at learning foreign languages.
Children are very curious and ask many questions.
Children begin school at the age of six.
Children depend on their parents for food and clothing.
Children depend on their parents for food, clothing and shelter.
Children imitate their friends rather than their parents.
Children like to pretend to be adults when they play.
Children need love, especially when they don't deserve it.
Children need many things, but above all they need love.
Children of six and above should attend school.
Children often cry just because they want some attention.
Children often rub their eyes when they are tired.
Children often want to do things that are dangerous without knowing that they are dangerous.
Children should be kept away from the pond.
Children should be taught not to tell lies.
Children should keep away from the river. It's dangerous.
Children under thirteen years of age are not admitted to this swimming pool.
Children under three are admitted free of charge.
Children walk around from door to door on Halloween night.
Children want to hear the same story over and over again.
Children whose parents are rich do not know how to use money.
Children's laughter could be heard in the distance.
Chimpanzees can throw stones when they feel threatened.
China continues to lose arable land because of erosion and urbanization.
China is the world's leading producer of rice.
Chinese officials say economic growth has dropped to a three-year low because of the world economy.
Choose a password that is easy to remember but difficult to guess.
Choose a password that's easy to remember but difficult to guess.
Christmas comes a few days before the New Year.
Christmas has always been a wonderful time for me.
Christmas is a good time to market new toys.
Christmas is a magical time of the year.
Christmas is a wonderful time of the year.
Christmas is our busiest time of the year.
Churches are designated on the map with crosses.
Cigarette butts are the biggest source of litter in the world.
Circumstances did not permit me to help you.
Circumstances forced us to put off the meeting.
Citizens are debating about health care at City Hall.
Civilization is the limitless multiplication of unnecessary necessities.
Classical music is not my cup of tea.
Clean out the shed and throw away things you don't need.
Clerks with sticky fingers won't keep their jobs for long.
Cleveland was not sure the boy was his son.
Climate change threatens to exacerbate existing social and economic inequalities.
Climbing that mountain was a piece of cake.
Close the curtains so the neighbors can't see in.
Close the door after you when you leave the room.
Close your eyes and picture a log house.
Close your eyes and take a deep breath.
Close your eyes and tell me what you hear.
Coastal cities will take the brunt of the storm.
Coffee prices have jumped almost 50% in six months.
Combine all the parts to make one piece.
Come and see me any time you like.
Come and see me once in a while.
Come and see me when it is convenient for you.
Come and see me when you have time.
Come back to the table and sit down.
Come by later, I have something for you.
Come closer and have a good look at this picture.
Come closer and you'll be able to see better.
Come closer to the fire if you're cold.
Come early so we can discuss the plans.
Come here. I need to tell you something.
Come on in and make yourself at home.
Come on in. We're just about to get started.
Come on, guys. This is not funny anymore.
Come on, hurry up. You'll miss the bus.
Come on, tell us. Don't keep us in suspense.
Come over here and give me a kiss.
Come see me if you are free tonight.
Come soon or there won't be any food left.
Come to my room between three and four.
Come to see me at any time tomorrow afternoon.
Come what may, I won't change my opinion.
Come with me. I'll show you the way.
Communicating more to the point and directly would help everyone.
Companies with diversified holdings tend to weather economics shocks better.
Company attorneys are working around the clock to complete the merger.
Company regulations mandate that workers wear safety glasses.
Compare the two carefully, and you will see the difference.
Compare your sentence with the one on the blackboard.
Compare your translation with the one on the blackboard.
Compared to last summer, we haven't had so much rain this year.
Compared to our house, his is a palace.
Compared to our house, yours is a mansion.
Compared to our house, yours is a palace.
Compared to you, I'm just a beginner at this game.
Compared to you, I'm only a beginner at this game.
Compared with last year, this year's crops are much better.
Compared with the old model, this is far easier to handle.
Competition is neither good nor evil in itself.
Compiling a dictionary demands an enormous amount of time.
Computers are better than us at playing chess.
Computers are capable of doing extremely complicated work.
Computers are capable of doing very complicated work in a split second.
Computers save us a lot of time and trouble.
Concerning this matter, I'm the one to blame.
Concert tickets are on sale at this office.
Conditions for termination of the agreement are listed on the last page.
Considering everything, my father's life was a happy one.
Considering what time it was, the supermarket was relatively empty.
Consumers need to be able to make informed choices about the food they buy.
Contact my assistant if you have any questions.
Control freaks usually make people around them very unhappy.
Convincing Tom to do the right thing was hard.
Cookie is a good name for a dog.
Cookie is the cutest of all the dogs.
Copy what's on the blackboard into your notebook.
Corn is an important crop in the United States.
Corporal punishment is still allowed in many countries.
Corporate borrowing from financial institutions is rising due to the low interest rate.
Cosmetic surgery is not covered by most insurance plans.
Cost is a definite factor in making our decision.
Cotton mittens will prevent the baby from scratching his own face.
Could I bum a cigarette and a light?
Could I get a discount if I pay in cash?
Could I get you to update this data for me?
Could I have a glass of beer, please?
Could I have a glass of white wine?
Could I have a knife and fork, please?
Could I have a minute of your time?
Could I have a word with you in private?
Could I have money for my piano lesson?
Could I have three seats in the unreserved section?
Could I please have a glass of water?
Could I please have one more can of beer?
Could I see the menu and wine list?
Could I speak to you for a moment, Tom?
Could I talk to the two of you alone?
Could I talk to you for a minute?
Could I talk to you for a second?
Could this be the start of something big?
Could we get a bottle of your best champagne?
Could we have a table by the window?
Could we have a table in the corner?
Could we have a table in the non-smoking section?
Could we have a table near the window?
Could you arrange not to be there on Friday night?
Could you at least give me a hint?
Could you bring me a pillow and blanket, please?
Could you bring my breakfast to room 305?
Could you call me back a bit later?
Could you call the doctor's office for me?
Could you change my room to one with a view of the ocean?
Could you come back here again tomorrow at 2:30?
Could you come back here tomorrow at 2:30?
Could you cook this meat a little more?
Could you describe to the jury what happened?
Could you do me a favor? Will you lend me some money?
Could you drop me off at the bus stop?
Could you drop me off at the library?
Could you explain to me why you think these rules don't apply anymore?
Could you explain to us how the dishwasher works?
Could you find a room for my sister?
Could you find out how to get there?
Could you give me a leg up here?
Could you give me a lift to the train station?
Could you give me a ride to the bus stop?
Could you give me the name and phone number of a doctor?
Could you give me your name and phone number?
Could you go to the store and grab some eggs?
Could you hand me the newspaper on the table?
Could you help me clean up this mess?
Could you help me translate that into French?
Could you just please answer the question? We don't have all day.
Could you just turn around for a second?
Could you keep an eye on my suitcase for a few minutes?
Could you keep an eye on my suitcase for a moment?
Could you keep your eye out for my car keys?
Could you knock a little off the price?
Could you knock down the price if I buy two?
Could you leave us alone for a few minutes?
Could you lend me some money until this weekend?
Could you lend me your bicycle for a couple of days?
Could you lower your voice, please? I'm really hung over.
Could you make it a little shorter for me?
Could you move forward so we can close the door?
Could you please bring me a clean knife?
Could you please explain what's going on here?
Could you please give me some more examples of that?
Could you please have a look at this?
Could you please move over to make some room?
Could you please not smoke in this room?
Could you please pull the weeds and water the flowers?
Could you please reschedule the meeting at a time that is convenient for you?
Could you please show me your boarding pass?
Could you please speak a little bit more slowly?
Could you please take care of my dog while I'm in Boston?
Could you please take the dog out for a walk?
Could you please talk a bit louder? I can't hear very well.
Could you please tell me again how many times you've been here?
Could you please tell me again what school you graduated from?
Could you please tell me again when the meeting is supposed to start?
Could you please tell me again where you put the key?
Could you please tell me again who your father is?
Could you please tell me again why you are late?
Could you please tell me how tall you are and how much you weigh?
Could you please tell me how to do this?
Could you please tell me how to get to the station?
Could you please tell me what your cell phone number is?
Could you please tell me where the nearest church is?
Could you please tell me who you are?
Could you please tell me why you love her?
Could you please tell me your height and weight?
Could you please wake me up tomorrow morning?
Could you point me in the right direction?
Could you put a little sunscreen on my back?
Could you put the dishes in the dishwasher?
Could you put those bags in the car for me?
Could you put those documents on my desk?
Could you recommend a nice restaurant near here?
Could you remind me to call my academic advisor at 9:00 p.m. tomorrow?
Could you send someone up for my bags, please?
Could you send someone up to make the bed?
Could you show me how to do that?
Could you show me how to use a snorkel?
Could you show me how to use this pump?
Could you show me the way to the port?
Could you show me the way to the station?
Could you show me the way to the train station?
Could you show me where it was found?
Could you speak up just a little bit?
Could you speak up? I can't hear you.
Could you take care of the baby for a while?
Could you teach me how to play the piano?
Could you tell me how to adjust the volume?
Could you tell me how to get to Park Street?
Could you tell me how to get to the nearest station?
Could you tell me how to get to the subway station?
Could you tell me how to get to your office?
Could you tell me how to use the telephone?
Could you tell me the way to the port?
Could you tell me the way to the station?
Could you tell me the Wi-Fi password, please?
Could you tell me what this is about?
Could you tell me what time it is?
Could you tell me where I can get a subway?
Could you tell me where I can get a train?
Could you tell me where the bookstore is?
Could you tell me where the library is?
Could you tell me where the zoo is?
Could you tell me where you got that?
Could you tell me which bus or train goes to the center of the town?
Could you tell me which way I should go?
Could you translate this into French for me?
Could you verify that your computer is plugged in?
Could you wake me tomorrow morning at a quarter to seven, please?
Could you water my plants while I'm away?
Could you weed the garden and water the flowers?
Could you wrap it up as a gift?
Country life is very peaceful in comparison with city life.
Couples don't usually hold hands in public here.
Cover the seeds with a bit of soil.
Cows are sacred to many people in India.
Cows give us milk and chickens give us eggs.
Cow's milk is better tasting than soy milk.
Cranberries are a native fruit to North America.
Crows all but destroyed the farmer's field of corn.
Crush the can before you throw it away.
Cuban cigars are among the best in the world.
Cucumbers, spinach, broccoli and onions are considered non-starchy vegetables.
Culture is like jam, the less you have, the more you spread it.
Culture plays a dynamic role in shaping an individual's character, attitude, and outlook on life.
Curiously, a flower bloomed on the withered up tree.
Cutting a cake into equal pieces is rather difficult.
Dad needs to take a rest. He's been working in the garden for three hours.
Dad! Mom! I have some great news for you!
Dad, I'm taking the car out for a drive.
Dad, what are you going to get me for Christmas?
Daddy, can you read me a story before I go to sleep?
Daddy, I can't walk any more. Carry me.
Daddy, I can't walk any more. Could you give me a piggyback ride?
Daddy, let's make faces at each other and see who can keep from laughing the longest.
Daddy, let's see if you can out-stare me.
Data can be transmitted from the main computer to yours, and vice versa.
Day after day, the dog sat waiting for his master in front of the station.
Day in and day out, he does nothing but tend his sheep.
Dear Santa, I want a girlfriend for Christmas.
December is the last month of the year.
Declarations of variables are extremely important in C and C++.
Declawing cats is forbidden in the European Union.
Delegates from many countries participated in the conference.
Delete his name from the list of the applicants.
Demand for imported cars is increasing due to lower prices.
Democracy is an idea that goes back to the ancient Greeks.
Democracy is the worst form of government, except all the others that have been tried.
Department stores are always crowded just before Christmas.
Despite all his setbacks, he remains an optimist.
Despite all my efforts, I will not have the report ready by Friday.
Despite the government's protection, he was the victim of an assassination attempt which killed him.
Did any of you gentlemen wait on this man?
Did anyone call me while I was out?
Did he ask you to spy on me?
Did he say anything about it to you?
Did I just see what I think I saw?
Did I say you could use my phone?
Did I tell you how beautiful you looked tonight?
Did I tell you I think you're pretty?
Did I understand the gist of the question correctly?
Did it ever occur to you that I might be busy this afternoon?
Did it really take three hours to do that?
Did Mary tell you she was Tom's wife?
Did she ever confide in you about the problems she was having?
Did she go to the station to see her teacher off?
Did she mention the results of the exam?
Did the doctor give you anything for the pain?
Did the old man get lost in the forest?
Did the trip live up to your expectations?
Did the umbrella that you found belong to Tom?
Did they say how much it would cost?
Did they tell you why you had to do this?
Did Tom ever mention a Canadian named Mary?
Did Tom ever tell you how he first met Mary?
Did Tom ever tell you what he wanted for Christmas?
Did Tom get hurt in the accident yesterday?
Did Tom really tell Mary to drink that?
Did Tom say how long Mary would be in Boston?
Did Tom say where he was last weekend?
Did Tom talk to you about his plans for next weekend?
Did Tom tell you where he got this?
Did Tom tell you where he was going?
Did Tom tell you where the party is?
Did Tom tell you why he did that?
Did we find out who that man was?
Did you believe in Santa Claus when you were a child?
Did you break up with Tom or did he break up with you?
Did you buy it on the black market?
Did you catch anything the last time you went fishing?
Did you charge the battery of your mobile phone?
Did you check all the items on the shopping list?
Did you choose an interesting book for your son?
Did you climb trees when you were a child?
Did you come here by train or by bus?
Did you consider that you might be wrong?
Did you do something new with your hair?
Did you do that of your own free will?
Did you do what you're accused of doing?
Did you enjoy the last movie that you saw?
Did you enjoy the last movie you saw?
Did you enjoy the movie you saw last night?
Did you enjoy yourself at the party last night?
Did you ever find out who did that?
Did you ever hear the like of it?
Did you fall in love with her at first sight?
Did you find out how Tom did that?
Did you find out what time the meeting starts?
Did you find the book you were looking for?
Did you find what you were looking for?
Did you forget to lock the door last night?
Did you get a Christmas present for Tom this year?
Did you get a Christmas present from Tom this year?
Did you get a good look at his face?
Did you get any sleep at all last night?
Did you get fired from your last job?
Did you get here by bus or by train?
Did you get in trouble with your parents?
Did you get my email yesterday with the instructions?
Did you get the flowers I sent you?
Did you get the flowers that I sent you?
Did you get the gift I sent you?
Did you give a copy of the disk to anyone?
Did you go abroad for pleasure or on business?
Did you go anywhere during the summer vacation?
Did you go straight home after school yesterday?
Did you go to Tom's party last Saturday?
Did you go to your dance class this afternoon?
Did you guess the end of the story?
Did you have a favorite book as a child?
Did you have a good night last night?
Did you have a good time at the party?
Did you have a good time last night?
Did you have a good time on your trip to London?
Did you have a lot of happy experiences in your childhood?
Did you have a piano lesson that day?
Did you have anything to do with this?
Did you have something you wanted to tell us?
Did you have to wait a long time?
Did you have your photograph taken for the driver's license?
Did you hear about the time Tom tried to kill Mary?
Did you hear about Tom and Mary splitting up?
Did you hear my son play the violin?
Did you hear that a burglar broke into the neighbor's house?
Did you hear that what's-his-face crashed his motorcycle?
Did you hear the news on the radio this morning?
Did you hear the roar of the lions?
Did you know she is good at making coffee?
Did you know that pigs can get sunburned?
Did you know that some foxes lived on this mountain?
Did you know that Tom and Mary were dating?
Did you know that Tom didn't have to do that?
Did you know that Tom was lying to me?
Did you know that vinegar can be made from dates?
Did you know that your oven doesn't work?
Did you know the woman who killed herself?
Did you know there was a secret passage hidden behind the bookcase?
Did you know there was a secret passage?
Did you know there's more than one way to do this?
Did you know Tom and Mary were dating?
Did you know Tom used to be a French teacher?
Did you know Tom was lying to me?
Did you learn to speak French when you were a child?
Did you learn to swim when you were a child?
Did you leave the door open last night?
Did you lend any money to my brother?
Did you like your teachers when you were in junior high school?
Did you lock up the house before we left?
Did you mail the letter yesterday or today?
Did you meet many interesting people at the party?
Did you notice that Tom wasn't wearing his wedding ring today?
Did you pay somebody to write this for you?
Did you pick up on that strange tone in his voice?
Did you prefer Volume One or Volume Two?
Did you put a stamp on the envelope?
Did you really expect him to tell you the truth?
Did you really forget your passport at home?
Did you really give Tom a key to your apartment?
Did you really leave your car unlocked with the key in the ignition?
Did you really think I was going to kiss you?
Did you really think I wouldn't learn the truth?
Did you really think I'd dance with you?
Did you really think it would be different this time?
Did you really think that I was going to kiss you?
Did you really think today was my birthday?
Did you really think Tom would do that?
Did you receive a Christmas present from Tom this year?
Did you receive immunization shots as a child?
Did you receive the email I sent you?
Did you receive your flu shot this season?
Did you remember to buy flowers for Mary?
Did you remember to close all the windows?
Did you require any special assistance when you were in school?
Did you reserve a room at the hotel?
Did you say that Tom is your friend?
Did you see a brown wallet around here?
Did you see anybody else in the park that night?
Did you see him at the station this morning?
Did you see the accident with your own eyes?
Did you see the sunrise earlier? It was really beautiful.
Did you see the sunset earlier? It was really beautiful.
Did you see the way Tom was looking at you?
Did you see where I put my watch?
Did you speak with him about your projects?
Did you stay home to study for the test?
Did you stay in Boston all last summer?
Did you take him back to your apartment?
Did you take part in the discussion yesterday?
Did you take the book back to the library?
Did you talk to your new classmates yesterday?
Did you tell Tom he could borrow your car?
Did you tell Tom he could go see Mary tonight?
Did you tell Tom that he could borrow your car?
Did you tell Tom what he needed to know?
Did you tell your sister to ask me out?
Did you think I was being too nosy?
Did you think I would leave you here?
Did you think that I was being too nosy?
Did you think you would get away with it?
Did you try playing that song on your guitar?
Did you understand the moral of this story?
Did you understand what I meant by that?
Did you wait a long time for me?
Did you watch the soccer game on television?
Did you write anything in your diary today?
Did you write this fairy tale by yourself?
Did your mother use to play the piano when she was younger?
Did your uncle let you drive his car?
Did your week get off to a good start?
Didn't I ask you not to dance with Tom?
Didn't I ask you not to do that?
Didn't I give you 10,000 yen a week ago?
Didn't I tell you not to close the door?
Didn't I tell you not to do that anymore?
Didn't I tell you that I was allergic to peanuts?
Didn't I tell you to close the door?
Didn't I tell you to go to bed?
Didn't it ever occur to them that they would be punished?
Didn't it occur to you to shut the windows?
Didn't you hear the voice in the next room?
Didn't you know that I was from Boston?
Didn't you know that oil floats on water?
Didn't you know that Tom could play the guitar?
Didn't you know Tom could play the guitar?
Didn't you promise never to tell a lie?
Didn't you tell me yesterday that you and your boyfriend had broken up?
Didn't you tell me yesterday that you wouldn't be late today?
Didn't your mother teach you to say thank you?
Digital music is becoming more and more popular.
Dinner is ready, so we can eat whenever we want.
Dinner will be ready by the time you have finished your work.
Dinner will be ready in a few minutes.
Dinner will be served on board the plane.
Dinosaurs became extinct a very long time ago.
Dinosaurs died out a very long time ago.
Diplomatic relations have not yet been established between Japan and North Korea.
Discipline is the most important component of success.
Disconnect the power cable from the modem, wait for approximately one minute, then reconnect the cable.
Disneyland was very interesting. You should've come with us.
Dissolve the tablet in a glass of water.
Divide the cake among the three of you.
Do a lot of people live in your town?
Do all of your children still live with you?
Do all your children still live with you?
Do any of you have anything to say in connection with this?
Do I have to answer all of the questions?
Do I have to attend the party tonight?
Do I have to dial the area code, too?
Do I have to do it over again?
Do I have to do it right away?
Do I have to do that right now?
Do I have to go to the party?
Do I have to spell this out for you?
Do I have to stay in the hospital?
Do I have to take off my shoes here?
Do I have to wear a tie at work?
Do I have your permission to do so?
Do I hear a note of trepidation in your voice?
Do I look like a guy who wants to get married?
Do I look like a policeman to you?
Do I need to be at the meeting on Monday?
Do I need to fill in this form now?
Do I need to fill this form in now?
Do I need to go to the dentist's?
Do I really have to give a speech?
Do I really have to go to bed?
Do it carefully. I don't like botched jobs.
Do it quickly. We don't have much time.
Do it the way he tells you to.
Do it the way I told you to.
Do not be shy. Your pronunciation is more or less correct.
Do not fear the unexpected, but be prepared for it.
Do not forget to turn the light off before you go to bed.
Do not sign a delivery receipt unless it accurately lists the goods received.
Do people really pay you to do this?
Do slugs die if you pour salt on them?
Do stop talking and listen to the music.
Do the police have any idea who stole it?
Do these two sentences really mean the same thing?
Do this work by tomorrow if at all possible.
Do unto others as you would have others do unto you.
Do unto others as you would have them do unto you.
Do we have any French homework that needs to be turned in tomorrow?
Do we have any other business to discuss?
Do we have anything I can snack on?
Do we have time for a cup of coffee?
Do we have time for another cup of coffee?
Do we have to get rid of that?
Do we have to get up early tomorrow morning?
Do we need to bring our dictionaries to class tomorrow?
Do we really have to go home so early?
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Do what your father tells you to do.
Do whatever it is that he tells you to do.
Do whatever it takes to get the job done.
Do you actually think I'd do something like that?
Do you actually think that I'd do something like that?
Do you actually think Tom will do that?
Do you agree with what he says in the book?
Do you also have this in other colors?
Do you always help Tom with his homework?
Do you always sing this song in this key?
Do you always wear green on St. Patrick's Day?
Do you approve of what he is doing?
Do you ask every new employee that question?
Do you believe global warming is the result of human actions?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
Do you believe in the existence of God?
Do you believe in the power of love?
Do you believe our destinies are controlled by the stars?
Do you believe that people are capable of change?
Do you currently take any medication prescribed to you by a psychiatrist?
Do you drink coffee with sugar or without?
Do you eat it with a spoon or a fork?
Do you eat spaghetti by twirling it around your fork?
Do you eat three square meals a day?
Do you ever get told that you look like someone else?
Do you ever get told you look like someone else?
Do you ever think about the time we spent together when we were kids?
Do you ever think before you open your big mouth?
Do you expect me to believe you did this by yourself?
Do you feel like going for a swim in the creek later?
Do you feel like going out for a drive in the country over the weekend?
Do you feel like going out for a walk?
Do you feel like going to the theater?
Do you feel like having a bite to eat?
Do you feel like you are going to throw up?
Do you feel like you can't connect with other people?
Do you feel like you have a fever?
Do you feel like you want to hurt yourself now?
Do you feel like your future is hopeless?
Do you feel pain when you do that?
Do you find that washing machine easy to use?
Do you find that your mood changes frequently in short periods of time?
Do you get along well with your mother-in-law?
Do you get heartburn after eating certain foods?
Do you get much snow in the winter?
Do you get short of breath easily when walking?
Do you get up early in the morning?
Do you get your boss a Christmas gift?
Do you give your boss a Christmas gift?
Do you go by bus, by train, or by subway?
Do you go there by bus or by car?
Do you go to church on Christmas Day?
Do you go to school on foot every day?
Do you go to school on foot or by bicycle?
Do you guys want to read what I wrote?
Do you happen to know of a cheap hotel near here?
Do you happen to know where she lives?
Do you happen to know where Tom went?
Do you have a bicycle pump I could borrow?
Do you have a bottle opener I could use?
Do you have a chain saw I could borrow?
Do you have a Christmas vacation in Japan?
Do you have a contingency plan in place?
Do you have a cork screw I could borrow?
Do you have a crowbar in your toolbox?
Do you have a date for Valentine's Day?
Do you have a file in the tool chest?
Do you have a flashlight I can borrow?
Do you have a flashlight I could borrow?
Do you have a flashlight that I could borrow?
Do you have a fountain pen with you?
Do you have a hoe I could borrow?
Do you have a hoe that I could borrow?
Do you have a license to fly a plane?
Do you have a license to operate a motor boat?
Do you have a lot of free time?
Do you have a lot of money with you?
Do you have a lot of things to do today?
Do you have a lot of time to relax?
Do you have a moment to talk about Jesus?
Do you have a nail file I could borrow?
Do you have a nail file that I could borrow?
Do you have a pen I could use?
Do you have a pen or a pencil?
Do you have a piece of paper I can write on?
Do you have a place to stay tonight?
Do you have a problem with what was suggested?
Do you have a recent photo of yourself?
Do you have a rice cooker at home?
Do you have a room of your own?
Do you have a room that's a little cheaper?
Do you have a rough idea of how long it will take?
Do you have a shovel I can borrow?
Do you have a showroom for your products in the city?
Do you have a similar proverb in French?
Do you have a similar saying in Japanese?
Do you have a special menu for vegetarians?
Do you have a stapler I could borrow?
Do you have a stapler that I could borrow?
Do you have a table near the window?
Do you have a table on the patio?
Do you have a tie I can borrow?
Do you have a tie I could borrow?
Do you have a tie that I could borrow?
Do you have a toilet plunger I could borrow?
Do you have a wheelbarrow I could borrow?
Do you have a wheelbarrow that I could borrow?
Do you have an airplane ticket back home?
Do you have an alarm clock in your room?
Do you have an extra English dictionary by any chance?
Do you have any children you haven't told me about?
Do you have any employees who speak French?
Do you have any empty cardboard boxes I could use?
Do you have any evidence to prove him guilty?
Do you have any family or friends that you could stay with?
Do you have any family or friends you could stay with?
Do you have any friends living in other countries?
Do you have any games on your phone?
Do you have any good ideas on what I should name my horse?
Do you have any grounds for thinking so?
Do you have any idea how important your test grades are?
Do you have any idea how many people died when the Titanic sunk?
Do you have any idea how stupid I feel right now?
Do you have any idea what my life is like?
Do you have any idea what that could be?
Do you have any idea what that is?
Do you have any idea what that means?
Do you have any idea what the population of Tokyo is?
Do you have any idea what they're talking about?
Do you have any idea what time it is?
Do you have any idea what Tom was doing in Boston?
Do you have any idea what you're saying?
Do you have any idea what you've done?
Do you have any idea what's in the box?
Do you have any idea when those pictures might've been taken?
Do you have any idea where Tom might have put his camera?
Do you have any idea where Tom went?
Do you have any idea who did this?
Do you have any idea who he is?
Do you have any idea who she is?
Do you have any idea who that might be?
Do you have any idea who would do this kind of thing?
Do you have any idea who would do this?
Do you have any idea who wrote this book?
Do you have any knowledge of this matter?
Do you have any open sores on your body?
Do you have any other questions about the matter?
Do you have any plans for the summer vacation?
Do you have any plans for the summer?
Do you have any plans for the weekend?
Do you have any plans for tomorrow evening?
Do you have any questions about what needs to be done?
Do you have any similar expressions in French?
Do you have any tickets for today's performance?
Do you have any unexplained bruising or bleeding?
Do you have anyone who you can call if you need to talk?
Do you have anything to do after that?
Do you have anything to eat in your pack?
Do you have anything to say in particular?
Do you have anything to say regarding this?
Do you have anything to say to us?
Do you have cash on you now? Could you lend me some?
Do you have difficulty breathing when you lie down flat?
Do you have enough information to go on?
Do you have enough money to buy one?
Do you have enough time to do that?
Do you have idea where your dog is now?
Do you have many friends here in Japan?
Do you have more than one copy of this key?
Do you have much snow in your country?
Do you have one a little bigger than these?
Do you have one that is a little smaller?
Do you have pictures of your kids with you?
Do you have snow tires on your car?
Do you have something else more pressing to do?
Do you have something that you want to say to me?
Do you have something to do with that company?
Do you have something to do with this group?
Do you have something to say to me?
Do you have something you want to say to me?
Do you have something you want to tell me?
Do you have the key to this door?
Do you have the key to this room?
Do you have the most recent version of this software?
Do you have the same thing in a different color?
Do you have these shoes in my size?
Do you have this in a larger size?
Do you have this in any other colors?
Do you have this jacket in different colors?
Do you have time for one more question?
Do you have time the day after tomorrow?
Do you have to be crazy to do this?
Do you have to do that every day?
Do you have to do this every time?
Do you have to do this right now?
Do you have to do this very often?
Do you have to go there every day?
Do you have to make the bed every day?
Do you intend to answer all my questions truthfully?
Do you intend to eat that whole cake by yourself?
Do you keep all the promises that you make?
Do you keep all the promises you make?
Do you keep in contact with your high school classmates?
Do you know a better way to do that?
Do you know a better way to do this?
Do you know a good place to have lunch?
Do you know any good places to eat around here?
Do you know any of the boys in this room?
Do you know anybody who plays the guitar?
Do you know anyone who can speak French?
Do you know anyone who hums while they work?
Do you know anyone who knows how to do this?
Do you know anyone who needs a job?
Do you know anyone who plays the guitar?
Do you know anyone who was on that ship that sunk?
Do you know either of the two girls?
Do you know how far it is from the station to city hall?
Do you know how far the station is from the town hall?
Do you know how fast you were going?
Do you know how I can get in touch with Tom?
Do you know how I can get there?
Do you know how long they've been married?
Do you know how many people died in yesterday's plane crash?
Do you know how many people in the world starve to death every year?
Do you know how many people live in Australia?
Do you know how much a kilo of rice costs?
Do you know how much I give to charity?
Do you know how much it cost me?
Do you know how much that car cost me?
Do you know how my friends describe me?
Do you know how to change a diaper?
Do you know how to cook rice well?
Do you know how to count to ten in French?
Do you know how to drive a car?
Do you know how to get there by public transportation?
Do you know how to get to our place?
Do you know how to get to the police station?
Do you know how to get to the train station?
Do you know how to keep a secret?
Do you know how to open this box?
Do you know how to play the piano?
Do you know how to play this game?
Do you know how to pronounce this word?
Do you know how to read a map?
Do you know how to read and write?
Do you know how to ride a bike?
Do you know how to ride a horse?
Do you know how to ride a motorcycle?
Do you know how to solve this riddle?
Do you know how to swear in French?
Do you know how to tie your shoes?
Do you know how to turn this device on?
Do you know how to unlock this door?
Do you know how to use a computer?
Do you know how to use a dictionary?
Do you know how to use this camera?
Do you know how to use this machine?
Do you know how Tom got the scar on his chin?
Do you know if he has a girlfriend?
Do you know if she can speak English?
Do you know if Tom can speak French?
Do you know of a good motel in the area?
Do you know of an apartment I can rent that allows pets?
Do you know of any good restaurant near here?
Do you know the boy in this picture?
Do you know the difference between a microscope and a telescope?
Do you know the difference between silver and tin?
Do you know the girl waving at us over there?
Do you know the man in this picture?
Do you know the man staring at you?
Do you know the man that's staring at you?
Do you know the man who's staring at you?
Do you know the name of this flower?
Do you know the people who live here?
Do you know the reason why he cut class today?
Do you know the reason why she is so angry?
Do you know the reason why the sky looks blue?
Do you know the rules of the game?
Do you know the town where he lives?
Do you know Tom well enough to ask him to do this?
Do you know what day it is today?
Do you know what it is like to be really hungry?
Do you know what really hurts me the most?
Do you know what that thing over there is?
Do you know what the acronym PKO stands for?
Do you know what the population of Boston is?
Do you know what the real problem is?
Do you know what the weather's going to be?
Do you know what this is all about?
Do you know what time that accident happened?
Do you know what time that supermarket closes?
Do you know what to do if there's a fire in the building?
Do you know what Tom does in his free time?
Do you know what Tom wants for Christmas?
Do you know what would happen if you drank that?
Do you know what your kids are eating?
Do you know when Tom started studying French?
Do you know when Tom will get back?
Do you know where he bought his camera?
Do you know where I can find Tom?
Do you know where I might find small cowboy boots?
Do you know where I'll end up if I take this road?
Do you know where my recipe book is?
Do you know where the bus stop is?
Do you know where the nearest American Express office is?
Do you know where the train station is?
Do you know where to go or who to ask for information?
Do you know where Tom and his friends went?
Do you know which book sells well now?
Do you know which deity this temple is dedicated to?
Do you know which room the meeting will be held in?
Do you know who conquered Mt. Everest first?
Do you know who is looking at that picture?
Do you know who left that box there?
Do you know who lives in that house?
Do you know who that tall blonde girl in green is?
Do you know who this car belongs to?
Do you know who this car here belongs to?
Do you know whose tie this might be?
Do you know why he has been absent from school?
Do you know why he put off his departure?
Do you know why he skipped class today?
Do you know why he wasn't at school?
Do you know why I was in prison?
Do you know why spring rolls are called spring rolls?
Do you know why this date is important?
Do you know why Tom didn't attend the meeting this afternoon?
Do you know why Tom doesn't like Mary?
Do you know why Tom doesn't like me?
Do you know why Tom is so mad at Mary?
Do you like it when I do this?
Do you like looking at yourself in the mirror?
Do you like pizza? Here, have a slice.
Do you like to live in the country?
Do you listen to the radio at home every day?
Do you love my brother more than me?
Do you mean to tell me you can't find one?
Do you mean you don't find that odd?
Do you mean you don't know what happened?
Do you mind if I ask a few questions?
Do you mind if I ask you a couple of questions?
Do you mind if I ask you a personal question?
Do you mind if I ask you a question?
Do you mind if I change the channel?
Do you mind if I don't do this?
Do you mind if I go back to sleep now?
Do you mind if I leave for a few minutes?
Do you mind if I open the door?
Do you mind if I open the window and air the room?
Do you mind if I open the window and let the smoke out?
Do you mind if I open the window?
Do you mind if I sit next to you?
Do you mind if I sleep here tonight?
Do you mind if I take a day off?
Do you mind if I take my shirt off?
Do you mind if I take off my sweater?
Do you mind if I try this on?
Do you mind if I turn down the TV?
Do you mind if I turn off the AC?
Do you mind if I turn off the light?
Do you mind if I turn on the radio?
Do you mind if I turn on the TV?
Do you mind if I use your computer?
Do you mind if I walk with you?
Do you mind if I watch TV for a while?
Do you mind my sitting next to you?
Do you need a hand with your suitcases?
Do you need a screwdriver to fix it?
Do you need a shoulder to cry on?
Do you need me to buy you anything at the supermarket?
Do you need me to give you some money?
Do you need me to repeat the question?
Do you often become dizzy if you get up from bed quickly?
Do you plan to go to Boston by bus?
Do you play any instrument other than the piano?
Do you play any instruments other than the piano?
Do you prefer for television shows to be subtitled or dubbed?
Do you prefer subtitled or dubbed TV shows?
Do you prefer swimming in fresh water or salt water?
Do you prefer tea with lemon or milk?
Do you prefer tea with lemon or with milk?
Do you prefer vanilla ice cream or chocolate ice cream?
Do you prefer vanilla or chocolate ice cream?
Do you prefer white rice or brown rice?
Do you prefer white wine or red wine?
Do you promise not to tell anybody anything?
Do you realize how stupid that plan is?
Do you really believe I killed my brother?
Do you really believe it's necessary to do that?
Do you really believe that Tom is reliable?
Do you really enjoy doing that kind of thing?
Do you really hide your money under the mattress?
Do you really need to ask the question to know the answer?
Do you really never think about your kids?
Do you really think I can do it?
Do you really think I can do that?
Do you really think I can do this?
Do you really think I had something to do with that?
Do you really think I'm going to kiss you?
Do you really think that I don't know what you did?
Do you really think that I'm going to let you do that?
Do you really think that I'm that gullible?
Do you really think that that's going to work?
Do you really think that Tom is single?
Do you really think that Tom will come back to Australia?
Do you really think that Tom will help you?
Do you really think that we're that stupid?
Do you really think that your plan is realistic?
Do you really think that's going to work?
Do you really think this is a good idea?
Do you really think this is worth thirty dollars?
Do you really think Tom can hear us?
Do you really think Tom is better than I am?
Do you really think Tom is better than me?
Do you really think Tom is the only one here who can speak French?
Do you really think Tom will do that?
Do you really think Tom will help us?
Do you really think Tom will help you?
Do you really think you can do that?
Do you really think you can do this?
Do you really think you can learn to speak French fluently in three months?
Do you really wanna talk about this now?
Do you really want me to be frank?
Do you really want me to dance with you?
Do you really want me to do that?
Do you really want me to do this?
Do you really want me to go to Boston with you?
Do you really want me to help you?
Do you really want me to spy on Tom?
Do you really want that on your conscience?
Do you really want this information to be made public?
Do you really want to buy a car now?
Do you really want to do that today?
Do you really want to do this right now?
Do you really want to drop out of high school?
Do you really want to get more done?
Do you really want to go to the party with Tom?
Do you really want to know the truth?
Do you really want to know where we went?
Do you really want to lead this kind of life?
Do you really want to put your life in her hands?
Do you really want to put your money in that bank?
Do you really want to stay young forever?
Do you really want to talk about that now?
Do you really want to work with us?
Do you really want Tom to do that?
Do you recognize the man in this photo?
Do you recognize the person in this picture?
Do you regularly use any assistive devices for walking?
Do you remember how slow the Internet used to be?
Do you remember the day this picture was taken?
Do you remember the day when we first met?
Do you remember the day when we met first?
Do you remember the day when we saw the accident?
Do you remember the day when you and I first met?
Do you remember the first time we went to Boston together?
Do you remember the first time you kissed me?
Do you remember the name of the paramedic that saved my life?
Do you remember the time we went to Boston together?
Do you remember the town where he was born?
Do you remember what I told you yesterday?
Do you remember what Tom was wearing yesterday?
Do you remember when you last saw Tom?
Do you remember where you left your umbrella?
Do you see how the roof sags in the middle?
Do you see that house? That's my house.
Do you see that ship near the island?
Do you see the entrance of the park?
Do you see why this is a problem?
Do you sell any guidebooks written in French?
Do you sometimes go abroad on your holidays?
Do you spend a lot of time with your friends?
Do you spend more time at home or at work?
Do you spend more time with your friends or with your family?
Do you spend most of your time worrying about things that don't matter so much?
Do you stay at Tom's when you're in Boston?
Do you still believe I killed my brother?
Do you still go swimming as often as you used to?
Do you still go to Australia every Christmas?
Do you still go to Boston every Christmas?
Do you still live at the same address?
Do you still remember how to do it?
Do you still remember your first plane trip?
Do you still want me to give Tom your old computer?
Do you still want me to help you?
Do you still want me to teach you French?
Do you still want to be an officer?
Do you still want to give me a hug?
Do you still want to go to the lighthouse?
Do you take any medication for any medical issues?
Do you take me for a complete beginner?
Do you think a little salt would improve the flavor?
Do you think he did the job on his own?
Do you think he is a good driver?
Do you think he is good for the position?
Do you think he made that mistake on purpose?
Do you think he will be elected president again?
Do you think he will like my gift?
Do you think I can pull this off?
Do you think I can use my cellphone in the shower?
Do you think I can use my phone in the shower?
Do you think I care what you think of me?
Do you think I could speak with Tom?
Do you think I don't know what's going on?
Do you think I look like my brother?
Do you think I should ask Tom for help?
Do you think I should buy this house?
Do you think I should go by myself?
Do you think I should go there alone?
Do you think I should write to Tom?
Do you think I want to do this?
Do you think I would really do that?
Do you think I'd let that stop me?
Do you think I'm out of my mind?
Do you think I'm qualified for that job?
Do you think I'm the one who did this?
Do you think I'm too old to go back to school?
Do you think it was easy for me?
Do you think it was Tom who did that?
Do you think it will be nice out tomorrow?
Do you think it'll be difficult to do that?
Do you think it'll be easy to find the kind of job you want?
Do you think it'll be hard to do that?
Do you think it's a good idea to feed your dog table scraps?
Do you think it's dangerous for me to swim across the river?
Do you think it's dangerous to eat genetically modified food?
Do you think it's going to snow tomorrow?
Do you think it's possible for me to ever sound like a native speaker?
Do you think it's wise to wear your uniform today?
Do you think it's worthwhile? I don't think so.
Do you think Mary's skirt is too short?
Do you think my cat and your pet rat will get along well together?
Do you think our climate has an influence on our character?
Do you think parents should punish their children when they lie?
Do you think she has a chance of winning?
Do you think something like that will repeat itself?
Do you think students are given enough time to eat lunch?
Do you think that any really smart person is inherently interested in languages?
Do you think that could ever happen again?
Do you think that eating breakfast every day is important?
Do you think that eating with your family is important?
Do you think that handguns should be made illegal?
Do you think that he is equal to the task?
Do you think that money really matters to me?
Do you think that my way of teaching is wrong?
Do you think that my work is easy?
Do you think that there's a chance I could get that job?
Do you think that these glasses look good on me?
Do you think that these numbers are accurate?
Do you think that Tom and Mary are going to get back together?
Do you think that Tom looks like an old man?
Do you think that Tom will see me?
Do you think that Tom would enjoy doing that with us?
Do you think that was easy for me?
Do you think that we have any chance of winning?
Do you think that we'll have a white Christmas this year?
Do you think that we're going to improve?
Do you think that you can beat me?
Do you think that you can put your idea into practice?
Do you think that you could help me weed the garden this afternoon?
Do you think that you would enjoy being famous?
Do you think that you're better than me?
Do you think that you're bigger than Tom?
Do you think that's what we should do?
Do you think the accused is really guilty of the crime?
Do you think the pond is frozen hard enough to skate on?
Do you think the rainy season will set in early this year?
Do you think the road is wide enough for cars?
Do you think there's a chance I could get that job?
Do you think there's something wrong with me?
Do you think these glasses look good on me?
Do you think these letters are worth saving?
Do you think this book is worth reading?
Do you think this is some kind of game?
Do you think this rope is strong enough?
Do you think Tom and Mary will do that soon?
Do you think Tom and Mary will leave together?
Do you think Tom is a good singer?
Do you think Tom is going to agree to this?
Do you think Tom is going to die?
Do you think Tom looks like an old man?
Do you think Tom told us the truth?
Do you think Tom wants to eat now?
Do you think Tom was the one who stole that?
Do you think Tom will be able to teach Mary how to do that?
Do you think Tom will be back soon?
Do you think Tom will be home on October 20th?
Do you think Tom will get home early?
Do you think Tom will like the concert?
Do you think Tom will reach the top of the mountain?
Do you think Tom would consider dating my younger sister?
Do you think Tom would enjoy doing that with us?
Do you think Tom would still be willing to do that for us?
Do you think tomorrow's weather will be good?
Do you think we can glue that back together?
Do you think we have any chance of winning?
Do you think we have enough gas left to get to the next gas station?
Do you think we should import rice from the U.S.?
Do you think we should just wait and hope it changes?
Do you think we'll be able to do this without any help?
Do you think we'll have a white Christmas this year?
Do you think we'll have good weather tomorrow?
Do you think what I did was helpful?
Do you think what she said is a lie?
Do you think you can get me out of here?
Do you think you can handle this problem?
Do you think you can make it to Boston for Christmas?
Do you think you can manage to keep things going until I get back?
Do you think you can ride that horse?
Do you think you could be a cop?
Do you think you could climb to the top of this tree?
Do you think you could do that again?
Do you think you could help me do that?
Do you think you could make a little less noise?
Do you think you could make it before lunch?
Do you think you could stop doing that?
Do you think you could talk Tom into joining our team?
Do you think you could teach me to play the bagpipes?
Do you think you could've done this without our help?
Do you think you would ever consider going out with me?
Do you think you would ever consider suicide?
Do you think you'd like to work for us?
Do you think your car will make it?
Do you think your money is safe in a bank?
Do you think your parents spent enough time with you when you were in your teens?
Do you think you've made the wrong choice?
Do you truly believe that it's a good idea?
Do you understand the difficulty of my job?
Do you understand what I am saying to you?
Do you understand what I mean by that?
Do you understand what you have to do?
Do you use benzodiazepines like Klonopin, Ativan, and Xanax, that are not prescribed to you?
Do you use opiates like morphine, Percocet, Vicodin, and OxyContin, that are not prescribed to you?
Do you usually turn on the TV as soon as you get home?
Do you walk to school or do you take the bus?
Do you want a little bit of sugar?
Do you want him to know about it?
Do you want me to be your bodyguard?
Do you want me to bring my guitar?
Do you want me to bring you something to eat?
Do you want me to call the police?
Do you want me to call you a taxi?
Do you want me to close the window?
Do you want me to comb your hair?
Do you want me to come and get you?
Do you want me to come cook you something?
Do you want me to come with you?
Do you want me to drive you to the airport?
Do you want me to explain it again?
Do you want me to fix your broken shovel or don't you?
Do you want me to help you with that?
Do you want me to help you with the cooking?
Do you want me to help you with your homework?
Do you want me to leave the light on?
Do you want me to leave you alone?
Do you want me to lose my job?
Do you want me to paint your fingernails?
Do you want me to repeat the question?
Do you want me to rub your shoulders?
Do you want me to send you money?
Do you want me to show you how to do it?
Do you want me to shuffle the cards?
Do you want me to sing you a lullaby?
Do you want me to spy on Tom for you?
Do you want me to stay with you?
Do you want me to take you home?
Do you want me to talk to Tom about what's going to happen?
Do you want me to teach you some swear words?
Do you want me to tell the truth?
Do you want me to tell Tom that we won't do that?
Do you want me to tell you exactly what I felt?
Do you want me to tell you why?
Do you want me to turn off the lights?
Do you want me to turn on the light?
Do you want me to walk you home?
Do you want me to wash the lettuce?
Do you want me to watch Tom for you?
Do you want more milk in your coffee?
Do you want some raisins in your oatmeal?
Do you want some sugar in your coffee?
Do you want the long version or the short version?
Do you want this done quickly or do you want this done right?
Do you want to ask me a question?
Do you want to ask me some questions?
Do you want to be a bartender all your life?
Do you want to be an actor in a movie?
Do you want to come eat at our house?
Do you want to come out and play?
Do you want to come over and watch a movie?
Do you want to come sit by me?
Do you want to come to my place?
Do you want to come to the museum with us?
Do you want to crash at my place?
Do you want to do it right now?
Do you want to do it with me?
Do you want to do this or not?
Do you want to eat now or later?
Do you want to eat something before we leave?
Do you want to get out of here or not?
Do you want to get out of here?
Do you want to get us both killed?
Do you want to give it a try?
Do you want to give it another try?
Do you want to go back to the hospital?
Do you want to go fishing with me?
Do you want to go for a swim?
Do you want to go for a walk later?
Do you want to go get a drink?
Do you want to go grab a bite somewhere?
Do you want to go out for a drink?
Do you want to go out or stay at home? Either is OK with me.
Do you want to go see a movie after dinner tonight?
Do you want to go shopping with me?
Do you want to go tell Tom about this?
Do you want to go to a movie tonight?
Do you want to go to a party?
Do you want to go to a soccer game?
Do you want to go to prison for the rest of your life?
Do you want to go to the aquarium?
Do you want to go to the movies?
Do you want to go to the party?
Do you want to go to the station with me?
Do you want to go to the zoo with me?
Do you want to go to the zoo?
Do you want to have a drink with us?
Do you want to have lunch with me?
Do you want to hear my story or not?
Do you want to install this free browser add-on?
Do you want to join me for lunch?
Do you want to know what I think?
Do you want to know what I'm doing?
Do you want to know what the problem is?
Do you want to know where you made your mistake?
Do you want to know who did this?
Do you want to know who he is?
Do you want to know who I really am?
Do you want to know who I was with?
Do you want to know why I did that?
Do you want to know why I helped?
Do you want to know why I lied to Tom?
Do you want to know why Tom left?
Do you want to leave it like that?
Do you want to play football with us?
Do you want to play hide and seek?
Do you want to play soccer with us?
Do you want to play tennis with us?
Do you want to read one of my poems?
Do you want to rest for a bit?
Do you want to say a few words?
Do you want to see a picture of Tom?
Do you want to see her very much?
Do you want to see my butterfly collection?
Do you want to see my stamp collection?
Do you want to see what else I've got?
Do you want to see what I just made?
Do you want to sit next to the window?
Do you want to sleep on the couch?
Do you want to spend the rest of your life alone?
Do you want to split a taxi with me?
Do you want to stay here all night?
Do you want to stay here all week?
Do you want to take a look at it?
Do you want to talk to me or not?
Do you want to tell me what this is?
Do you want to tell the jury what happened?
Do you want to wait in the bar?
Do you want to wait in the car?
Do you want to watch this movie again?
Do you want us to go with you?
Do you want us to take you home with us?
Do you want us to take you with us?
Do you want us to try prying this door open?
Do your gums bleed when you brush your teeth?
Do your parents think that you watch too much TV?
Doctors have made great strides in their fight against cancer.
Doctors should keep abreast with all the latest developments in medicine.
Doctors take an oath not to harm anyone.
Does a child's musical talent depend on heredity?
Does an electric wheelchair require a driver's license?
Does any other country fan the flames of patriotism as much as America?
Does anyone have a charger for an iPhone?
Does anyone here know how to operate this machine?
Does anyone in your close family have cancer?
Does anyone in your close family have diabetes?
Does anyone in your close family have heart disease?
Does anyone in your close family have high blood pressure?
Does anyone know the name of the deceased?
Does everyone in Sweden have blonde hair and blue eyes?
Does he go to school on foot or by bicycle?
Does he know how she feels about him?
Does he still have that book he borrowed from the library?
Does it hurt to get your ears pierced?
Does it snow a lot here in the winter?
Does it snow a lot in the winter?
Does Mary want me to walk her home?
Does she come from the agency that sent the last temporary I had?
Does someone here know how to do this?
Does that chocolate bar have nuts in it?
Does the amount of rain affect the growth of crops?
Does the applicant have suitable abilities to carry out the job?
Does the pain wake you up at night?
Does this bus go to the center of town?
Does this mean that we have to file bankruptcy?
Does this mean that you don't love me anymore?
Does this mean what I think it means?
Does this mean you won't be sleeping here?
Does this mean you're not coming to help?
Does this need to be kept in the refrigerator?
Does this sentence sound like something a native speaker would say?
Does Tom know what time Mary's curfew is?
Does Tom still come to Boston every Christmas?
Does Tom still plan to do that with Mary?
Does Tom still want to eat with us?
Does Tom want me to drive him to the airport?
Does Tom want to watch the movie with us?
Does your brother pick on you a lot?
Does your father know you've broken your watch?
Does your mother clean your room for you?
Dogs are believed to be descendants of wolves.
Dogs wag their tails and cats swish theirs.
Doing it that way will take a long time.
Doing something only half-heartedly is the worst thing you can do.
Doing that is likely to be very difficult.
Doing that is likely to be very hard.
Doing that sort of thing makes you look stupid.
Doing that won't take too much of your time.
Doing that would be a total waste of time.
Doing that would be a very bad idea.
Doing that would be a waste of time.
Don't act like you didn't hear the question.
Don't act like you don't know how to dance.
Don't act like you don't know what I'm talking about.
Don't act like you don't know what's wrong.
Don't argue with a woman when she's tired.
Don't ask me for forgiveness. What's been done has been done.
Don't ask me so many questions. Use your head.
Don't ask me to help you ever again.
Don't ask what they think. Ask what they do.
Don't be a fool. Let me help you.
Don't be afraid to get your feet wet.
Don't be afraid to make mistakes when speaking English.
Don't be lulled into a false sense of security.
Don't be scared. My dog hasn't bitten anyone yet.
Don't be so glum about it. Life has its ups and downs.
Don't be so greedy or you'll wind up with nothing.
Don't be so hard on her. She meant well.
Don't believe everything you hear on the news.
Don't bother to pick me up at the hotel.
Don't bother waking me up at 4:00 a.m. I don't plan to go fishing tomorrow.
Don't breathe a word of it to anyone.
Don't breathe a word of this to my girlfriend.
Don't breathe a word of what I've told you to anyone.
Don't buy your car from that dealership. They'll rob you blind.
Don't call me when I'm at the office.
Don't call Tom at his home after 2:30.
Don't come back until you've done what I've asked you to do.
Don't come near me. I have a cold.
Don't come to me now with that. You should have said something when it originally happened.
Don't complicate the problem by raising new issues.
Don't count on him to lend you any money.
Don't cross the road when the signal is red.
Don't cry! I'll buy you a new one.
Don't despise a man because he is poor.
Don't disappoint me the way you did the other day.
Don't do anything to attract attention to yourself.
Don't do anything you don't want to do.
Don't do the crime, if you can't do the time.
Don't do too many things at the same time.
Don't do too much at the same time.
Don't eat the fruit in the bowl on the table. It's plastic.
Don't even think about driving while intoxicated, Tom.
Don't even think of asking me what I think about you right now.
Don't ever ask me to do that again.
Don't ever talk to me like that again.
Don't expect me to be happy about this.
Don't expect me to help you with your homework.
Don't expose your skin to the sun for too long.
Don't fail to come here by the appointed time.
Don't feel obligated to talk if you don't want to.
Don't forget the fact that smoking is bad for your health.
Don't forget to attach your photo to the application form.
Don't forget to bring your umbrella in case it rains.
Don't forget to brush your teeth before going to bed.
Don't forget to brush your teeth before you go to bed.
Don't forget to buy some bread on the way home.
Don't forget to close the door on your way out.
Don't forget to fill the tank with gasoline.
Don't forget to include me in the count.
Don't forget to let me know when it's time.
Don't forget to lock up when you leave.
Don't forget to mail this letter on your way to school.
Don't forget to pick me up at 6 o'clock tomorrow.
Don't forget to pick me up tomorrow morning.
Don't forget to put a stamp on the letter.
Don't forget to put a stamp on your letter.
Don't forget to return the book to the library.
Don't forget to spend a little time looking over your notes before the exam.
Don't forget to take a camera with you.
Don't forget to take an umbrella with you.
Don't forget to tip the porter for carrying your luggage.
Don't forget to turn off the gas before going out.
Don't forget to turn off the gas before you leave the house.
Don't forget to turn off the light before you go to sleep.
Don't forget to turn off the TV before you go to sleep.
Don't forget to wake me up tomorrow morning.
Don't forget we have to do our homework.
Don't get a stomachache by eating too much.
Don't get an upset stomach by eating too much.
Don't get off the train till it stops.
Don't get off while the vehicle is in motion.
Don't get so irritated. Rushing things will cost you more time in the end.
Don't give it to him. Give it to me.
Don't give up yet. I'm sure you can do it.
Don't go near the bulldog. You wouldn't want him to bite you.
Don't go near the water until you learn how to swim.
Don't go out in this heat without wearing a hat.
Don't go to such a place at night.
Don't hesitate to ask a question if you don't understand.
Don't hesitate to ask if you need help.
Don't hesitate to ask if you want anything.
Don't hesitate to ask questions if you don't understand.
Don't hesitate to ask your teacher a question.
Don't hesitate to call if you need me.
Don't hesitate to take the opportunity to propose to her.
Don't hesitate to tell me if you need anything.
Don't interfere with him if you want him to like you.
Don't interrupt me! Can't you see I am talking?
Don't judge a man by the way he looks.
Don't judge others by the color of their skin.
Don't just stand there like that. Come over here and help me.
Don't just stand there. Come over here and help me.
Don't just stand there. Come over here and help us.
Don't keep me in the dark about it.
Don't kid yourself. You couldn't afford to buy a house like this.
Don't kill the goose that lays the golden eggs.
Don't knock it unless you try it first.
Don't lash out at me just because my brother treated you badly.
Don't laugh at him for making a mistake.
Don't leave any valuables in your hotel room.
Don't leave the bicycle out in the rain.
Don't leave the room with the window open.
Don't leave your belongings unattended at the beach.
Don't let anyone enter or approach this room.
Don't let anything stand between you and success.
Don't let go of my hand, or you'll get lost.
Don't let his snide remarks get the best of you.
Don't let me catch you doing anything like this again.
Don't let me down like you did the other day.
Don't let me ever catch you doing something like that again.
Don't let such a good opportunity go by.
Don't let the cat escape. Close the door!
Don't let the cat out of the bag.
Don't let the children play on the street.
Don't let the dog sleep in our bed.
Don't let the grass grow under your feet.
Don't let the kid play with the knife.
Don't let the truth get in the way of a good story.
Don't listen to that crackpot, he's always talking nonsense.
Don't listen to Tom. He doesn't know what he's talking about.
Don't live like you want to, live how you can.
Don't look a gift horse in the mouth.
Don't look at me with such sad eyes.
Don't look down on him just because he's poor.
Don't look out the window. Concentrate on your work.
Don't lose sight of what you're here for.
Don't lump all these issues together. You need to give every single one careful consideration.
Don't make a mountain out of a molehill.
Don't make any noise or you'll scare the birds away.
Don't make fun of her. She just chugged three bottles of beer.
Don't make me angry. You wouldn't like me when I'm angry.
Don't make the same mistakes that I did.
Don't make the same mistakes that I made.
Don't meddle in things that are none of your business.
Don't mince words. Tell me what you really think.
Don't mind me. Just keep doing what you were doing.
Don't open the door till the train stops.
Don't pat me on the head like I'm still a child!
Don't people tell you you look like Audrey Hepburn?
Don't phone me while I'm at the office.
Don't play around on your way back home.
Don't pretend that you don't know what I'm talking about.
Don't pretend you don't know what I'm talking about.
Don't push your child into any vocation he dislikes.
Don't put all your eggs in one basket.
Don't put anything on top of the box.
Don't put me in the same class with them.
Don't put off till tomorrow what you can do today.
Don't put off until tomorrow what you can do today.
Don't put that there. Somebody might trip over it.
Don't put the glass near the edge of the table.
Don't put the saddle on the wrong horse.
Don't put the wallet on the top of the heater.
Don't put the wet towel in the bag.
Don't put your head out of the window.
Don't respond to questions marked with an X.
Don't scold her. She's too young to understand.
Don't shout like that. I can hear you perfectly.
Don't sound so surprised. You know I can do whatever I want to do.
Don't speak to me about Tom. We're on bad terms.
Don't stick your hand out of the window.
Don't stick your nose where it doesn't belong.
Don't take that tone of voice with me.
Don't talk about it in my mother's presence.
Don't tell anyone that we are doing this.
Don't tell me how to raise my children.
Don't tell me how to spend my money.
Don't tell me if you don't want to.
Don't tell me that you've lost your ticket.
Don't tell me there's no hope at all.
Don't tell me what I can and can't do.
Don't tell me you actually believe this nonsense.
Don't tell me you don't know how to drive.
Don't tell me you left Tom in Boston.
Don't tell me you've never been in love.
Don't tell Tom about what we plan to do next weekend.
Don't tell your father you want to become a clown.
Don't tell your mother what you've seen here.
Don't think I don't appreciate what you've done.
Don't think I don't want to do that.
Don't throw away this magazine. I haven't read it yet.
Don't throw away this newspaper. I haven't read it yet.
Don't throw the baby out with the bathwater.
Don't touch me and don't talk to me.
Don't translate English into Japanese word for word.
Don't treat me as if I were a child.
Don't trust him no matter what he says.
Don't trust him with such a large sum of money.
Don't trust people who praise you in your presence.
Don't trust Tom no matter what he says.
Don't try doing two things at the same time.
Don't try to blame this all on me.
Don't try to do two things at a time.
Don't try to do two things at the same time.
Don't try to pull a fast one on me!
Don't use slang if you can help it.
Don't walk away when I'm talking to you.
Don't walk so fast. I can't keep up with you.
Don't walk so quickly. I can't keep up.
Don't waste your time in a dead-end relationship.
Don't waste your time on that pipe dream.
Don't waste your time trying to convince Tom.
Don't waste your time trying to help Tom.
Don't waste your youth, otherwise you'll regret it later.
Don't worry about things that may never happen.
Don't worry about what needs to be done and get some rest.
Don't worry about your dog. I'll take care of him.
Don't worry! Even if I drink, it doesn't have an effect on my driving.
Don't worry, I won't turn you in to the police.
Don't worry. I know exactly what I'm doing.
Don't worry. I told you everything would be OK.
Don't worry. I'll teach you how to drive.
Don't worry. I'm not going to tell the police.
Don't worry. I've already taken care of it.
Don't worry. You'll get used to it over time.
Don't you dare talk to me like that.
Don't you ever knock before you enter a room?
Don't you ever speak to me like that again.
Don't you ever talk to me like that again.
Don't you feel like going to the movies?
Don't you get it? This isn't about you.
Don't you have another one that's a little larger?
Don't you have any feelings for me at all?
Don't you have anything better to do with your time?
Don't you have to go to school today?
Don't you just hate this kind of movie?
Don't you know how dangerous it is to go swimming by yourself?
Don't you know it's rude to ask a lady her age?
Don't you know that he passed away two years ago?
Don't you remember what Tom did to Mary?
Don't you smell something burning in the kitchen?
Don't you think I know my own brother?
Don't you think I know my own father?
Don't you think I know what people say about me?
Don't you think I'd like to do that?
Don't you think it might be a bit heavy?
Don't you think it might be a bit too expensive for us to buy?
Don't you think it odd that she was in such a hurry?
Don't you think it's rude to give people such a curt reply like that?
Don't you think it's strange that he's not here?
Don't you think it's strange that no one is looking for us?
Don't you think it's time to get up?
Don't you think most Japanese students work hard?
Don't you think that necklace is a bit gaudy?
Don't you think that Tom looks like an old man?
Don't you think that Tom was a little weird?
Don't you think that's probably a good thing?
Don't you think this hat looks good on me?
Don't you think Tom and John look alike?
Don't you think Tom will be able to do that?
Don't you think we should at least give Tom a call?
Don't you think we should call the police?
Don't you think we should do something to help?
Don't you think we should do that today?
Don't you think you ought to write them a thank-you note?
Don't you think your French is good enough to explain the problem?
Don't you think you're overreacting just a little bit?
Don't you want all your friends to come to your party and celebrate with you?
Don't you want to ask me what I want?
Don't you want to be in love again?
Don't you want to go to the party?
Don't you want to hear my side of the story?
Don't you want to know what I want?
Don't you want to know where I was?
Don't you want to know who I was with?
Don't you want to know why I did that?
Don't you want to know why I quit?
Don't you want to sit in the front, Tom?
Don't you want to take some time off?
Don't you want to talk to Tom about it?
Don't you want your children to learn French?
Dozens of houses were burned down in that big fire.
Dr. Skeleton is known for his study on ghosts.
Dr. Yukawa played an important part in the scientific study.
Draft beer tastes especially good on a hot day.
Drastic measures must be taken to prevent the further spread of the virus.
Drinking alcohol during pregnancy can cause birth defects.
Drinking warm milk will help you get to sleep.
Driver fatigue is a major cause of car accidents.
Drivers must look out for children crossing the road.
Driving a car is a lot of fun.
Driving on a slippery road can lead to a car wreck.
Drop me a line when you get there.
Drug addiction is a cancer in modern society.
Drying this fabric at a high temperature may cause shrinkage.
Due to bad weather, the plane was late.
Due to global warming, cities could be completely submerged.
Due to the bad weather, the game was called off.
Due to the fog, traffic is temporarily suspended.
Due to the reason that I described above, I arrived at a different decision.
Due to the worsening weather, the departure was delayed.
Due to unforeseen circumstances, all classes will be held online this semester.
During droughts, farmers are barely able to eke out a living.
During hot weather, be sure to drink lots of water.
During my early teens, I wasn't always on the best of terms with my parents.
During rush hour, a bicycle is faster than a car.
During the day, we work, and at night, we rest.
During the rush hours in Tokyo, traffic is heavy.
During the summer vacation, I made friends with many villagers.
During the summer, the town is packed with tourists.
During the war, factories ran around the clock.
During the war, people went through many hardships.
During the war, we had to do without sugar.
During warm weather, sweating helps man regulate his body temperature.
During World War II, many famous landmarks in Europe were reduced to rubble.
Each chapter in the textbook is followed by about a dozen comprehension questions.
Each member has to pay 10,000 yen a month.
Each member has to pay a membership fee.
Each of the three boys got a prize.
Each of the three boys won a prize.
Each of the three girls got a prize.
Each of them has to write a report about what he saw.
Each of us has to be careful when driving.
Each one of the world's great successes was a failure first.
Each one of us should do his best.
Each one of us was given three hundred dollars.
Each passing car threw up a cloud of dust.
Each person has his own way of doing things.
Each player on the team has his own bat.
Each taxpayer has the right to know where his money goes.
Each time I see Mary, I learn something new and important from her.
Each time I went to see him, I found him at work.
Early computer programs were written on punch cards.
Earth is the third planet from the sun.
Eat and drink as much as you want.
Eat everything on your plate, or you won't get any dessert.
Eating fast food is bad for your health.
Eating too much fat is supposed to cause heart disease.
Eating too much is bad for your health.
Eating too much isn't good for your health.
Eating yogurt with a fork is somewhat difficult.
Ebola is one of the most virulent viruses known to man.
Ebola spreads from person to person through bodily fluids.
Ecology is the study of living things all around us.
Education does not consist simply in learning a lot of facts.
Education doesn't consist of learning a lot of facts.
Education is one of the most essential aspects of life.
Educational reforms still have a long way to go.
Efforts to bring the blaze under control using buckets soon failed.
Eggs are usually sold by the dozen in America.
Either stop talking or say something worth hearing.
Either they don't want to or they can't.
Either you or he has to attend the meeting.
Either you or I have to go there.
Either you or I must go in his place.
Either you or I will have to do it.
Electric power companies are seeking to reduce their use of coal.
Electronic components can be cleaned by using pure isopropyl alcohol.
Electronic components can be cleaned using pure isopropyl alcohol.
Elephants are the largest land animals alive today.
Eliminating the deficit will be a very difficult job.
Empty your pockets and put everything on the table.
Encryption technology has advanced to the point where it's pretty reliable.
English has now become the common language of several nations in the world.
English is a universal language and is used all over the world.
English is a very important language in today's world.
English is spoken everywhere in the world now.
English is spoken in a lot of countries.
English is spoken in many countries around the world.
English is spoken in many parts of the world.
English is taught in a lot of countries.
Entering the house, I tripped over the mat.
Envy is one of the seven deadly sins.
Epiglottal damage is always a concern when inserting an endotracheal tube.
Ethnic minorities struggle against prejudice, poverty, and oppression.
Even a clock that is stopped shows the correct time twice a day.
Even adults do a lot of stupid things.
Even after twelve months, Tom can't accept that it's over between him and Mary.
Even an expert driver can make a mistake.
Even God cannot make two times two not make four.
Even God can't make two times two not make four.
Even if everyone else does that, I won't.
Even if he does something bad, he'll never admit it.
Even if he doesn't come, we'll have to begin.
Even if he is busy, he will come.
Even if I knew, I wouldn't tell you.
Even if I wanted to, I couldn't do that.
Even if I wanted to, I couldn't help you.
Even if I were rich, I wouldn't give him money.
Even if it costs 10,000 yen, I must buy the dictionary.
Even if it rains, I will start early tomorrow morning.
Even if it rains, I'll go swimming tomorrow.
Even if it should rain, I will start tomorrow.
Even if it takes me ten years, I am determined to accomplish the job.
Even if it takes you three years, you must accomplish your goal.
Even if she comes to see me, tell her I am not at home.
Even if the sun were to rise in the west, I would not change my mind.
Even if you are busy, you should keep your promise.
Even if you go far away, let's keep in touch with each other over the phone.
Even if you wash it, the color won't come out.
Even Japanese can make mistakes when they speak Japanese.
Even nudists often use euphemisms when referring to naughty parts.
Even the cleverest students can make silly mistakes.
Even the experts took the painting for a genuine Rembrandt.
Even the hard-hearted can be moved to tears.
Even the richest man in the world can't buy everything.
Even the teacher could not solve the problem.
Even their parents sometimes have trouble telling the twins apart.
Even though he lives next door, he doesn't even say hello to us.
Even though he was exhausted, he had to go back to work.
Even though he was sick, the boy still went to school.
Even though he was tired, he went on with his work.
Even though her vet told her not to, she continued to feed her dog raw vegetables.
Even though I ate three bowls of cereal for breakfast, I'm still hungry.
Even though I can speak Chinese, I can't read it.
Even though I had eaten a lot for breakfast, I was already hungry.
Even though I know a little French, I think we should speak in English.
Even though I looked for it, I did not find it.
Even though I put on sunscreen, I got really sunburned.
Even though I'm sitting here in the sun, I still feel cold.
Even though I'm the oldest one here, I'm still pretty young.
Even though it sounds strange, what she said is true.
Even though it was very cold, I went out.
Even though it's small, it's a great restaurant.
Even though it's small, it's still a great car.
Even though it's small, it's still my apartment.
Even though she was a heavy woman, she danced well.
Even though the accident was six months ago, my neck still hurts.
Even though the weather was bad, I decided to go out.
Even though there was a no U-turn sign, I made a U-turn.
Even though there were many cookies on the dish, I only ate three.
Even though Tom used to be my best friend, I'm beginning to hate him.
Even though you don't like this, you must eat it.
Even Tom wasn't able to answer the teacher's questions.
Even Tom wouldn't be stupid enough to say something like that.
Even with all his wealth and fame, he's unhappy.
Even with his glasses, he doesn't see very well.
Even wounds that have healed, leave scars behind.
Eventually the salesman persuaded me to buy the expensive machine.
Eventually, someone is going to have to tell Tom that he needs to behave himself.
Eventually, the police are going to catch you.
Eventually, Tom will likely agree to help us.
Ever since she fell in the kitchen, she hasn't been all there.
Every author suffers from writer's block from time to time.
Every boy and girl is taught to read and write.
Every boy is supposed to wear a tie at the party.
Every bride is beautiful on her wedding day.
Every day I either ride a bike or get the bus to work.
Every day I waited for her at the bookstore after school.
Every day my dad leaves for work at eight o'clock.
Every day they killed a llama to make the Sun God happy.
Every day, I travel more than a hundred kilometers.
Every day, my brother borrows a new book from the library.
Every even number greater than 2 is the sum of two primes.
Every even number is the sum of two primes.
Every family has a skeleton in the closet.
Every house in our neighborhood is practically identical.
Every language is equally precious and dear to its speakers.
Every Monday, I have a face-to-face meeting with my manager.
Every morning I buy a newspaper at a newsstand.
Every morning she gets up early because she has to cook.
Every once in a while, you get lucky.
Every one of her songs was a hit.
Every one of his songs was a hit.
Every part of the island has been explored.
Every person has a psychological need to feel that what he does is of some importance.
Every person is expected to bring their own lunch.
Every room in my house has two or more windows.
Every school kid has played hooky at one time or another.
Every student has free access to the library.
Every student of biology, anatomy, anthropology, ethnology or psychology is familiar with these facts.
Every student was asked his or her name and birthplace.
Every successful writer has a drawer full of rejection letters.
Every time cigarettes go up in price, many people try to give up smoking.
Every time he comes here, he orders the same dish.
Every time he goes out, he drops in at the bookstore.
Every time I go to his house, he is out.
Every time I go to see him, he is in bed.
Every time I look at this picture, I think of my father.
Every time I read the Bible, I am deeply moved.
Every time I read this book, I discover something new.
Every time I see him, he is smiling.
Every time I see this photo, I think of my father.
Every time I see this picture, I remember my father.
Every time I see this play, I always cry.
Every time I see you, I think of your mother.
Every time I went to his house, he was not at home.
Every time she coughed, she felt a great deal of pain.
Every weekend, Tom goes to his parents' house.
Every year seems shorter than the one before.
Every year, Hawaii moves ten centimeters closer to Japan.
Every year, I buy new notebooks for school.
Every year, many older people die in road accidents.
Every year, millions of people die of hunger in Africa.
Everybody can see that he has a crush on her.
Everybody does stupid stuff like that in high school.
Everybody except me knew what was going on.
Everybody expected that the experiment would result in failure.
Everybody falls in love at least once in their lives.
Everybody in that family has a car of their own.
Everybody in the building headed for the exits at the same time.
Everybody in the car said they wanted to get out and stretch their legs.
Everybody in the park looked up at the hot air balloon.
Everybody in the room let out a sigh of relief.
Everybody in the village looks up to him.
Everybody in this world has to cope with a lot of difficulties.
Everybody is drinking, and nearly everybody is smoking.
Everybody is supposed to know the law, but few people really do.
Everybody is supposed to wear a tie at the party.
Everybody knew that Tom could speak French well.
Everybody knows that he lost his leg in the war.
Everybody knows that two and two make four.
Everybody makes mistakes. That's why they put erasers on pencils.
Everybody sang at the top of their lungs.
Everybody seems to be having a good time.
Everybody talks about the weather, but nobody does anything about it.
Everybody took a hostile attitude toward illegal aliens.
Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die.
Everybody was anxious to know what had happened.
Everybody was disguised, so I couldn't tell who was who.
Everybody was obeying the speed limit, so I knew there was likely a speed trap ahead.
Everyday life can get a bit monotonous at times.
Everyone clapped at the end of the concert.
Everyone else has gone home for the night.
Everyone except me knew what was going on.
Everyone has their own strong and weak points.
Everyone in school would hate me if I did that.
Everyone in the class has to learn the poem by heart.
Everyone in the class learned the poem by heart.
Everyone in the room checked their watches at the same time.
Everyone is anxious to know what has become of the former champion.
Everyone is drinking, and nearly everyone is smoking.
Everyone is entitled to be moody once in a while.
Everyone is going to call me a liar.
Everyone is happy with the decision, so please don't rock the boat.
Everyone is hoping nothing bad will ever happen in Japan.
Everyone is in the living room watching TV.
Everyone is insane, each in their own way.
Everyone is insane, in his or her own way.
Everyone is looking forward to watching the game.
Everyone is more or less interested in art.
Everyone knew that Tom could speak French well.
Everyone knows that luck and wealth elicit envy.
Everyone knows what they have to do, right?
Everyone looked at him like he was crazy.
Everyone looks the same, except the one standing on his head.
Everyone ought to be the master of his own destiny.
Everyone says that the food at this restaurant is very good.
Everyone should be able to express their opinion.
Everyone should choose at least one poem and learn it by heart.
Everyone should learn at least two foreign languages.
Everyone wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die.
Everyone was glued to the TV set as the election results came in.
Everyone was silent as the teacher was announcing the results of the examination.
Everyone was talking at once, so I couldn't get a word in edgewise.
Everyone who worked on that project became a millionaire.
Everyone working for us earns more than the minimum wage.
Everyone would like to believe that dreams can come true.
Everyone, no matter how privileged, encounters trials and tribulations.
Everyone's laughing, but no one will explain to me what happened.
Everything depends on the context of the conversation.
Everything he says rubs me the wrong way.
Everything hits the mark with him and he lets you know it.
Everything in the bathroom is tiled except the ceiling.
Everything in this room is going to be thrown away.
Everything is costing more than it did last year.
Everything is subject to the laws of nature.
Everything is working out just as Tom predicted.
Everything on top of the table started rattling when the earthquake hit.
Everything was exciting to me when I visited Spain for the first time.
Everything was perfect, down to the smallest detail.
Everywhere he stopped, the people welcomed him warmly.
Everywhere he went, he taught love, patience, and most of all, non-violence.
Everywhere you look you can see children playing.
Everywhere you look you can see damage caused by the earthquake.
Everywhere you look you can see young couples kissing.
Except for leap years, February has only 28 days.
Excessive supply leads to a drop in prices.
Excuse me for interrupting you, but would you mind opening the window?
Excuse me for opening your letter by mistake.
Excuse me sir, could you spare some change?
Excuse me, but could you scoot over a little bit, please?
Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the bus stop?
Excuse me, but do you mind if I ask your name?
Excuse me, but do you need any help?
Excuse me, but I believe that's my seat.
Excuse me, but I can barely hear you.
Excuse me, but I think this is my seat.
Excuse me, but may I open the window?
Excuse me, but will you tell me where to change trains?
Excuse me, but would you please open the window?
Excuse me, but would you please tell me the way to the post office?
Excuse me, can I have a word with you?
Excuse me, could we have some more bread?
Excuse me, could you please take a photo of my friends and me?
Excuse me, could you say that again more slowly?
Excuse me, could you tell me the way to the post office?
Excuse me, does this train go to Washington Square?
Excuse me, I have to get off at the next stop.
Excuse me, is there a hotel around here?
Excuse me, may I have another cup of tea?
Excuse me, sir, have you been drinking tonight?
Excuse me, waiter. There's a hair in my soup.
Excuse me, what is the name of this place?
Excuse me, what's the shortest route to the station?
Excuse me. Can you direct me to the nearest subway station?
Exercise is the best way to get rid of stress.
Exercise is to the body what thinking is to the brain.
Existing legislation does not take diversity of races into account.
Expedited delivery will cost an additional ten dollars.
Expensive meals can't compensate for lack of sleep.
Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes.
Experience is what we get when we don't get what we want.
Experts have failed to come up with an explanation of why the explosion happened.
Experts say coffee prices are rising mainly because people are willing to pay more.
Exports in January were up 20% over the same period of last year.
Faith is believing what you know ain't true.
Faith is taking the first step, even when you don't see the whole staircase.
Families began to have fewer and fewer children.
Family members should not compete against each other.
Far from being a failure, it was a great success.
Far from being pleased, my father is very angry.
Far from hesitating, she willingly offered to help me.
Farmers defaulting on loans had to auction off their land.
Fast forward to the part where they're kissing.
Father comes home from work about nine in the evening.
Father has lost his job, and what's worse, Mother has fallen ill.
Father is out, but Mother is at home.
Father makes sure that all the lights are off before he goes to bed.
Father suddenly got sick and we sent for a doctor.
Father took his place at the head of the table and began to say grace.
Father took his place at the head of the table.
Father went to a lot of trouble to prepare dinner for our guests.
Fear of communism was very strong at that time.
Fear of failure prevents many people from reaching their full potential.
Fear of losing power corrupts those who wield it.
Feel free to call me if you need anything.
Feel free to comment on any point made here.
Feeling tired after his walk in the country, he took a nap.
Few people are able to understand his theories.
Few people are on a first name basis with the president.
Few people can buy such an expensive car.
Few people can speak a foreign language perfectly.
Few people live to be 100 years old.
Few people live to be more than a hundred.
Few people live to be ninety years old.
Few people live to be one hundred years old.
Few people were killed in the car accident.
Few people, if any, could survive a nuclear war.
Few students are interested in reading this novel.
Fewer and fewer people are working to support more and more people living on government benefits.
Fewer young people know how to write in longhand.
Fifteen more minutes and I'll be out of here.
Fifty of the machines are running at the present time.
Fill in this application form and send it at once.
Finally she gave in to temptation and ate the whole cake.
Finally, I made up my mind and bought the new video game.
Finances are traditionally the biggest cause of strife in a relationship.
Finding a good place to live isn't easy.
Finding a solution that worked was a process of trial and error.
Finding it hard to make ends meet on his income, she started to work.
Fingernails grow nearly four times faster than toenails.
Finish your homework before you go to bed.
Finishing the report by tomorrow is next to impossible.
Fir trees are often used as Christmas trees.
First and foremost, I'd like to thank you all.
First of all, he is very worried about his daughter's health.
First of all, I'm very worried about my daughter's health.
First of all, let me say how glad I am to be here.
First of all, let me speak about myself.
First of all, may I have your name, please?
First of all, we have to finish the homework.
First of all, you have to read this book.
First of all, you must look it up in the dictionary.
First of all, you should talk it over with your parents.
First words get confused, then ideas get confused, and finally things themselves get confused.
First, I want to eat a little bit of cake.
Fish can be dry and tasteless if it's overcooked.
Fish is an important food source for people.
Fish like carp and trout live in fresh water.
Fish such as carp and trout live in fresh water.
Five minutes' walk brought us to the park.
Five thousand dollars is a large sum of money.
Five years have gone by since my father died.
Five years have passed since they came to Japan.
Flags of the world fly proudly at the United Nations headquarters.
Flash photography is not permitted beyond this point.
Flaxseed is one of the healthiest foods on earth.
Flip to the back of the book for the index.
Florence is the most beautiful city in Italy.
Fluency in English is a very marketable skill today.
Fold the napkins and put one by each plate.
Follow me. I'll show you how to get out of here.
Follow us. We're headed to the nearest bar.
Following the heavy rainfall, there was a big flood.
Food and blankets were given out to the refugees.
Food and blankets were given to the refugees.
Food must be chewed well to be digested properly.
Food really does taste better when eaten with close friends.
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
For a business owner, having a clear overview of one's entire business is vital.
For a long time, I used to believe the same thing you do.
For a moment, he thought of going after the man.
For a person who is in good physical condition, climbing mountains is a cinch.
For a refund, you must return the item unopened.
For a while, I was really addicted to cola and drank it every day.
For better or for worse, television has changed the world.
For certain tasks, my computer can be very useful.
For Christmas, I crocheted slippers for my family and friends.
For dinner, we went back to my place.
For every action there is an equal and opposite reaction.
For him, hunger was an abstract concept. He had always had enough food.
For many, it was a dream come true.
For me, being a doctor isn't a job, it's a calling.
For me, it's not that big a deal.
For more information, get in touch with us.
For now, I'd like to concentrate on this.
For once in my life, I want to do the right thing.
For once in your life, do what I ask.
For one thing, I couldn't afford to do that.
For some reason the microphone didn't work earlier.
For some reason, my name isn't on the list.
For some reason, we seem to be losing customers.
For someone who's supposed to be an expert, you don't seem to know much.
For starters, I want to eat a little bit of pie.
For the first time in more than 6 years, the unemployment rate is below 6%.
For the moment there's nothing in particular I need to be doing.
For the most part, I agree with what he said.
For the past 10 years, I've fed my dog dry dog food.
For the record, I'm not at all interested.
For the thousandth time, I don't need your help.
For the time being, he's staying at a neighboring hotel.
For the time being, I intend to stay at a hotel.
For the time being, I must share this room with my friend.
For the time being, I'm studying French at this language school.
For the time being, my sister is an assistant in a supermarket.
For three days I had to wander in the desert.
For three weeks, he ate nothing at all.
For your own safety, never ride in a car with a drunk driver.
Foreign workers make up 30% of his company.
Forests cover around 9.4% of the earth's surface.
Forks go to the left side of the plate, and knives go to the right.
Fortunately, common sense prevailed and the strike was called off.
Fortunately, the shark bite didn't hit any major arteries.
Fortunately, the weather was good and we were able to eat outside.
Fortunately, there are some techniques you can use to work around this issue.
Fortunately, there is an elevator in our hotel.
Fossil fuels are the main causes of global warming.
Four people were in the car when the accident happened.
Four percent inflation is forecast for this year.
Fragments of the mirror were scattered on the floor.
France has a higher birthrate than most of Europe.
France is running a welfare state it can no longer afford.
Frankfurters were first sold in the United States in the 1860s.
Frankly speaking, his new novel is not very interesting.
Frankly speaking, I don't think you have what it takes to become a teacher.
Frankly speaking, it was difficult for me to make out what he was saying.
Frankly speaking, it's difficult to understand why you want to go.
Frankly speaking, your way of thinking is out of date.
Frankly, I'm not that impressed with his idea.
Frederic Chopin wrote his first composition when he was seven years old.
Free flow of information is the only safeguard against tyranny.
Free time is at a premium for working parents.
Freedom is so fundamental that its importance cannot be overemphasized.
Freedom of speech is the cornerstone of democracy.
French is a very difficult language for me.
French is not all that difficult to learn.
French is one of the languages I've always wanted to learn.
French is the only language I can speak.
French is the only language I know how to speak.
French is the only language that I can speak.
French is the only language that I know how to speak.
French was the only foreign language that they taught at my school.
Fresh fruit and vegetables are good for your health.
Fresh fruits and vegetables are good for you.
Fresh fruits and vegetables are good for your health.
Fresh produce is sold at an open-air market.
Frictions between Japan and the U.S. are easing up for a change.
Friends are always willing to help each other.
Friends are easy to find, but they're hard to keep.
Friends help each other. Just let me know what's wrong.
Frogs turn into princes only in fairy tales.
From a distance, that stone looks like a person's face.
From a literary point of view, his work is a failure.
From an objective viewpoint, his argument was far from rational.
From here on out, you'll be on your own.
From here to the train station takes about ten minutes.
From my point of view, Australia is one of the best countries in the world.
From my point of view, it would be better to wait a little longer.
From now on, I'll try to help you with the work.
From now on, I'm going to be here for you.
From now on, I'm going to say what's on my mind.
From now on, I'm only going to speak French.
From now on, let's eat lunch in the kitchen.
From now on, lots of things are going to change around here.
From now on, there is no reason to worry any more.
From now on, we'll do that your way.
From our point of view, his proposal is reasonable.
From somewhere in the distance came an ominous rumble.
From the bottom of my heart, thank you.
From the buyer's point of view, the prices of these CD players are too high.
From the day after tomorrow on, everything will be completely different.
From the hill, we could see all the buildings in the city.
From the look of the sky, it may begin to snow tonight.
From the outset I was prepared for the worst.
From the practical point of view, there are many shortcomings in his plan.
From the rooftop terrace you can see the mountains.
From the top of that tall building, you can easily see the city.
From this point, we'll go on by car.
From time to time, he goes to Tokyo on business.
From time to time, I think about my mother who is no longer living.
From time to time, I want to relax and forget everything.
From year to year they were growing poorer.
Fruits and vegetables are essential to a balanced diet.
Full body scanners were installed at the airport.
Full religious freedom is assured to all people.
Fully booked for the night, the hotel had to turn away some late guests.
Funding for this program was provided by the following sponsors.
Furthermore, I still don't think this a huge cultural difference.
Gas cookers consume half the amount of energy as electric cookers.
Gas seems to be escaping from the pipe.
Gas was escaping from a crack in the pipe.
Generally speaking, a woman will live longer than a man.
Generally speaking, boys can run faster than girls.
Generally speaking, boys like girls with long hair.
Generally speaking, little girls are fond of dolls.
Generally speaking, men can run faster than women can.
Generally speaking, the climate of Japan is mild.
Generally, women live 10 years longer than men.
Genes consist of a specific sequence of DNA.
Genius does what it must, and talent does what it can.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
German is the best language in the world.
German Shepherds are good at sniffing out drugs.
Germany did not want war with the United States.
Get a job so you can support your wife and kids.
Get a move on kids or you'll miss the school bus.
Get closer and you'll be able to see better.
Get in the car and lock the doors.
Get in touch with me as soon as you arrive here.
Get into the car and wait for me.
Get lost. I don't want to see your face again.
Get me all the information you can on this matter.
Get off at the next stop and take a bus headed to the airport.
Get off the train at the next station.
Get out of here before I call the cops.
Get out of here before I throw you out!
Get out of here or I'll call the police.
Get out of here! I'll do it myself.
Get rid of that heap of old newspapers.
Get the money ready by evening or I'll come back with the police.
Get up at once, or you will miss the 7:00 bus.
Get up early, and you'll be in time.
Get up fifteen minutes earlier in the morning.
Get yourself something to eat from the fridge.
Getting lost is the least of my worries.
Getting rejected from Harvard is not the end of the world.
Getting up at 6 a.m. was hard at first, but now I'm used to it.
Getting up at six o'clock is okay for me.
Girls are often judged by how attractive they are.
Give a thief enough rope and he'll hang himself.
Give him an inch and he'll take a mile.
Give him an inch and he'll take a yard.
Give him this message the moment he arrives.
Give me a call if you need help.
Give me a chance to make you proud of me.
Give me a chance to prove it to you.
Give me a couple minutes to get dressed.
Give me a little time to think it over.
Give me a minute to catch my breath.
Give me a minute to think about it.
Give me a piece of paper and a pen.
Give me a piece of paper to write on.
Give me a ring if you find out anything.
Give me a shout as soon as you're ready.
Give me a table for two near the window.
Give me another couple of days to think it over.
Give me one good reason why I should do that.
Give me one reason why I shouldn't help Tom.
Give me some coffee if there is any left.
Give me some time to let it all sink in.
Give me some time to think it over.
Give me something I can cut this with.
Give me the knife and let me slice the bread.
Give me the money you owe me and I'll be gone.
Give me what you have in your hand.
Give me your phone number, just in case.
Give me your word that you won't do that.
Give my regards to your aunt and uncle.
Give the television remote control back to me.
Give up smoking if you want to live long.
Give us two knives and four forks, please.
Give your passport number and your date of birth.
Given only thirty minutes, we couldn't answer all the questions.
Giving advice to him is like talking to a brick wall.
Global climatic changes may have been responsible for the extinction of the dinosaurs.
Go ahead. I'll catch up with you in ten minutes.
Go along this street and turn right at the bank.
Go and get a chair from the next room, please.
Go at once, otherwise you will be late.
Go away. I don't want to see you.
Go change quickly or else I won't take you with me.
Go down this road until you get to a traffic light and then turn left.
Go down to the cellar and get some wine.
Go early in order to get a good seat.
Go get a chair and sit here with us.
Go say goodbye to them before they leave.
Go somewhere else. I want to be alone.
Go straight ahead and you will see the bank.
Go straight down the road, and when you pass the traffic light you're there.
Go straight down this street and turn right at the third light.
Go straight until you see the post office, then turn right.
Go to the hardware store and get screws.
Go to the store and buy us some food.
Go to your room and wait there until I call you.
Go wake Tom up and tell him breakfast is ready.
Go wake Tom up and tell him that breakfast is ready.
Go wake up Tom and tell him that breakfast is ready.
Goat meat is tasty and can be prepared in different ways.
Goat milk is easy for the body to digest.
God knows that we did everything we could.
Going back to South Africa had stirred up some painful memories for him.
Going out drinking with the guys makes him feel macho.
Going out in this rain is out of the question.
Going to college doesn't guarantee you a good job.
Going to the beach with you actually sounds pretty interesting.
Going to this school requires a lot of money.
Good afternoon. You are our new neighbor, if I'm not mistaken?
Good lumber is hard to find these days.
Good things happen when you least expect them to.
Goodbye. I'll see you at the time we agreed on.
Good-looking people are good-looking no matter what they wear.
Government red tape has made the process very cumbersome and hard to understand.
Government spending is getting a little out of hand.
Governments should not be in the business of legislating morality.
Governments usually resort to price control when inflation has reached a certain level.
Grab a pen and a piece of paper.
Grab a rag and help me clean up this mess.
Gradually the true meaning of what he said began to dawn on me.
Graham Greene is a favorite author of mine.
Graham Greene is one of my favorite authors.
Grandma is three and a half times your age.
Grandmother looks after the children during the day.
Grandmother's ashes are in an urn at the temple.
Grandpa always said there'd be days like this.
Granting that favor is out of the question.
Great news! My dad was finally discharged from the hospital today.
Greater demand for high-quality coffee has helped drive coffee prices higher.
Greenpeace is fighting an uphill battle to save the environment.
Guess what I ate for dinner last night.
Gulliver's Travels was written by a famous English writer.
Gum got stuck to the bottom of my shoe.
Hackers are adept at getting around computer security measures.
Hackers were able to break into the company's computer system and undermine its network security.
Had he been there, would you have wanted to come?
Had he heard the news, he might have been shocked.
Had he known what was about to happen, he would have changed his plan.
Had I known about it, I would have told you.
Had I known that, I wouldn't have come.
Had I known the truth, I would have told it to you.
Had I known you'd be here, I wouldn't have come.
Had I known your telephone number, I would have called you.
Had it not been for his aid, I could not have finished the work.
Had it not been for your help, I would have failed.
Had it not been for your raincoat, I would have been drenched to the skin.
Had she known the results, she would have been shocked.
Had they known what was about to happen, they would have changed their plans.
Hailing a cab in Manhattan at 5:00 p.m. is nearly impossible.
Haiti is a nation that seems hopelessly impoverished.
Half of the apples that Tom gave me were rotten.
Half of the apples Tom gave me were rotten.
Half of the bananas in the basket were rotten.
Half of the people in the office took a day off.
Half the apples that Tom gave me were rotten.
Half the apples Tom gave me were rotten.
Hand in the three sheets of paper together.
Hand washing is recommended to prevent the spread of contagious diseases like a coronavirus.
Handball is a very popular sport in Denmark.
Hang your jacket on the hook by the door.
Happiness in marriage is entirely a matter of chance.
Happiness isn't the destination. Happiness is the journey.
Happy is a man who marries a good wife.
Happy is the man who is content with his lot.
Harajuku is one of the hottest places in Tokyo.
Has anybody asked Tom why he did that?
Has anyone close to you ever committed suicide?
Has anyone ever told you that you snore when you sleep?
Has anyone ever told you that you stop breathing when you're asleep?
Has anyone ever told you you've got serious trust issues?
Has anyone in your family ever been arrested?
Has he paid back the money you lent him?
Has it occurred to you that you might be the one with the problem?
Has Tom ever asked you to help him?
Has Tom ever done your homework for you?
Has Tom ever talked to you about me?
Has Tom ever told you how he lost his leg?
Has Tom said where he was last weekend?
Hasn't he looked at himself in a mirror?
Have a cup of milk. It'll do you good.
Have any of your friends ever been arrested?
Have I caught you at a bad time?
Have I ever told about how I met your mother?
Have I told you how I broke my leg?
Have my piece of cake if you like.
Have there been any phone calls for me?
Have there been any signs of the missing children?
Have they reported it to the police yet?
Have you already decided on your thesis topic?
Have you already decided where you'll be spending Christmas?
Have you already spent the money Tom gave you?
Have you already told Tom about what happened to Mary?
Have you already tried not thinking of anything?
Have you arranged for the room to be cleaned?
Have you been crying all night? Your eyes are all puffy.
Have you been diagnosed with a heart murmur?
Have you been seeing a lot of him recently?
Have you been threatened or coerced into pleading guilty?
Have you been told the reasons why we didn't hire you?
Have you been told when you are expected to be here?
Have you been told where the meeting will be?
Have you been told where to park your car?
Have you been told why we didn't hire you?
Have you decided on a name for your baby?
Have you decided on a name for your puppy?
Have you decided on the subject of your thesis?
Have you decided what you're going to do?
Have you decided where you're going to celebrate Christmas Eve?
Have you even heard a word I've said?
Have you ever been a witness in a court case?
Have you ever been betrayed by a friend?
Have you ever been betrayed by a good friend?
Have you ever been diagnosed with a heart condition?
Have you ever been diagnosed with a learning disability?
Have you ever been diagnosed with a seizure disorder?
Have you ever been diagnosed with high blood pressure?
Have you ever been diagnosed with renal failure?
Have you ever been diagnosed with thyroid issues?
Have you ever been hospitalized for bronchitis or pneumonia?
Have you ever been hospitalized in a psychiatric hospital?
Have you ever been in a car accident?
Have you ever been in a traffic accident?
Have you ever been intubated because of an asthma attack?
Have you ever been stuck in an elevator?
Have you ever been to a foreign country?
Have you ever been treated for a bladder infection?
Have you ever been treated for drug or alcohol abuse?
Have you ever cut your finger with a knife?
Have you ever eaten alone in a restaurant?
Have you ever eaten anything that made you hallucinate?
Have you ever eaten in a restaurant alone?
Have you ever fallen asleep in a meeting?
Have you ever fixed your car by yourself?
Have you ever given money to a beggar?
Have you ever had a long distance relationship?
Have you ever had a near death experience?
Have you ever had lunch at this restaurant?
Have you ever heard her sing on stage?
Have you ever heard of the story of the little boy who cried wolf?
Have you ever heard someone speaking in French?
Have you ever heard that song sung in French?
Have you ever heard the story of the boy who cried wolf?
Have you ever known me to be mistaken?
Have you ever known them to come on time?
Have you ever read a book in French?
Have you ever read a book written about Japan?
Have you ever ridden in a hot air balloon?
Have you ever seen a film this good?
Have you ever seen a shark over three meters long?
Have you ever seen a snake swallowing a mouse?
Have you ever seen a spider make a web?
Have you ever seen a spider making a web?
Have you ever seen a spider spin a web?
Have you ever seen a spider spinning a web?
Have you ever seen a spider spinning its web?
Have you ever seen a tiger around here?
Have you ever seen such a beautiful sunset?
Have you ever seen the man in this photo?
Have you ever seen Tom without his glasses on?
Have you ever served as a witness in a court case?
Have you ever shared needles when you used IV drugs?
Have you ever slipped on a banana peel?
Have you ever spoken to Tom in French?
Have you ever subscribed to any English language newspaper?
Have you ever taken a lie detector test?
Have you ever tasted such a good soup?
Have you ever thought about becoming a teacher?
Have you ever thought about quitting your job?
Have you ever thought about taking up knitting?
Have you ever thought of becoming a nurse?
Have you ever tried to think about nothing?
Have you ever uploaded a video to YouTube?
Have you ever walked through a graveyard at midnight?
Have you ever wanted something so much that you'd do anything to get it?
Have you ever wondered what might've happened if Tom hadn't been here?
Have you ever written a letter to Santa?
Have you experienced withdrawal symptoms in the past?
Have you finished doing what you were doing?
Have you finished reading the book I lent you last week?
Have you finished reading the book I lent you the other day?
Have you finished writing that song you've been working on?
Have you finished your preparations for the trip?
Have you finished your share of the work?
Have you forgotten the true meaning of Christmas?
Have you found the solution to the problem?
Have you found what you were looking for?
Have you given any more thought to what I told you?
Have you given any thought to having dinner with me?
Have you got something to crack these nuts?
Have you gotten settled into your new house yet?
Have you gotten used to eating Japanese food yet?
Have you had a persistent cough within the past few days?
Have you had a thorough medical checkup within the last year?
Have you had any persistent itching, rash, or dryness anywhere on your body?
Have you had any problems with your prostate?
Have you heard from him since he left for America?
Have you heard from the rest of the team?
Have you heard that a burglar broke into my neighbor's house?
Have you heard whether Tom got the job?
Have you known him for a long time?
Have you known them for a long time?
Have you left the country within the last 30 days?
Have you left the state within the last 14 days?
Have you made up your mind to become a teacher?
Have you made up your mind what you're going to give Tom for his birthday?
Have you made up your mind where to go for the holidays?
Have you met any Canadians here in Boston?
Have you noticed a change in the size or color of moles?
Have you noticed any changes in your hair or nails?
Have you noticed any lumps in your breasts?
Have you picked a name for the baby?
Have you picked out a name yet for the baby?
Have you put up your Christmas tree already?
Have you read the book Tom bought for you?
Have you read the whole paper from beginning to end?
Have you really already found a new job?
Have you received an answer to your letter?
Have you recently changed your soap or laundry detergent?
Have you recently experienced palpitations or felt like your heart was racing?
Have you recently felt any unexplained pain or stiffness in your neck?
Have you recently had any unexplained dizziness or lightheadedness?
Have you recently had unexplained swelling of your arms or legs during periods of inactivity?
Have you said anything about this to Tom?
Have you seen a little girl with short black hair?
Have you seen any other doctors for this issue?
Have you seen anything unusual in the last few days?
Have you seen our museums? What do you think about them?
Have you seen the Christmas lights the neighbors put up?
Have you seen the dog? He wandered off a couple of minutes ago.
Have you seen the necklace Tom gave Mary for Christmas?
Have you seen Tom try to start a fire?
Have you sent him a Christmas card yet?
Have you sent Tom a Christmas card yet?
Have you sent your novel to a publisher?
Have you spoken to your parents about this?
Have you spoken to your wife about it?
Have you spoken to your wife about that?
Have you still not finished paying for my bike?
Have you talked to a lawyer about this?
Have you talked to your parents about it?
Have you thought about what we talked about the other night?
Have you told any of this to the police?
Have you told anyone what your real name is?
Have you told everyone when and where the meeting will be?
Have you told everyone where the meeting will be?
Have you told Tom why you were late?
Have your paper on my desk by Monday.
Haven't I already told you about this before?
Having a few extra batteries handy is never a bad idea.
Having a full time job and raising two kids at the same time is hard.
Having a small flashlight in your pocket may come in handy.
Having a telephone helped her find more clients.
Having been convicted of murder, he was sentenced to life imprisonment.
Having done my homework, I could finally watch television.
Having done the work, she has nothing to do.
Having failed several times, he tried to do it again.
Having failed twice yesterday, he doesn't want to try again.
Having finished all her housework, she sat down on the sofa to watch television.
Having lived in Tokyo, I know the city well.
Having seen him before, I knew him at once.
He abandoned his family and moved to Tahiti.
He abandoned his family and went to live in Tahiti.
He abandoned his hope of becoming a doctor.
He accidentally hit his thumb with the hammer.
He accomplishes whatever he sets out to do.
He accused her of having lied to him.
He accused me of having stolen his watch.
He acts as if he were a king.
He added a little sugar and milk to his tea.
He added a little sugar to the coffee.
He addressed the audience in a soft voice.
He admitted that he wanted to escape from here.
He always gets home at six o'clock in the evening.
He always goes to work at 8:00 a.m.
He always leaves the window open when he sleeps.
He always leaves the window open while he sleeps.
He always left the problem of his children's education to his wife.
He always plans a thing out carefully before he does it.
He always shows great determination in everything he undertakes.
He always speaks ill of his father behind his back.
He always speaks of the government with contempt.
He always stays in bed as late as he can.
He always takes his time in everything that he does.
He always talks as if he knows everything.
He always talks as though he were addressing a public meeting.
He always took a seat in the front row.
He always wanted to join the air force.
He always wants to have the last word.
He always yells at me when he is angry.
He amassed a fortune in stock trading during the last boom.
He amassed a large fortune before he died.
He amazed everyone by passing his driving test.
He amused himself by reading a detective story.
He and his friend sat on the bench.
He and I are almost the same height.
He and I are in the same class.
He and I are pretty much the same build.
He and I are such close friends that we can almost read each other's minds.
He and I have been good friends since we were children.
He anonymously donated a large sum of money to the Red Cross.
He answered all the questions in ten minutes.
He apologized to us for having broken his promise.
He appears brave, but it's just an act.
He applied for a job with the Bank of Tokyo.
He applied for admission to the riding club.
He applied for the job and got it.
He applies this principle to everything in life.
He argues that the administration must look for alternative sources of revenue.
He arrived at the station out of breath.
He arrived on time in spite of the rain.
He asked her to marry him and she accepted his proposal.
He asked her to marry him, but she refused.
He asked her why she came so late.
He asked his father to take him to the store.
He asked his wife if she was coming with him.
He asked me for more money than was necessary.
He asked me if I had found it.
He asked me if I had slept well the night before.
He asked me if I knew her telephone number.
He asked me if I knew his father.
He asked me questions similar to those asked by many others.
He asked me some questions about the math test.
He asked me to go to a movie with him.
He asked me to pass him the salt.
He asked me to return the money to him immediately.
He asked me to throw the ball back.
He asked me to wait there until he came back.
He asked me to wake him at six.
He asked me what had become of her.
He asked me what I had been doing.
He asked me what was the matter with me.
He asked me who had painted the picture.
He asked me who I thought would win the race.
He asked some questions of the lady standing next to him.
He asked the lady standing next to him some questions.
He asked us not to make any noise.
He assumed that the man was hiding something from him.
He ate rice twice a day for many years.
He ate twice as much as I did.
He attempted to climb the fence to no avail.
He attended the meeting as our company representative.
He attended the meeting as the company representative.
He attended the meeting in place of his boss.
He attends the same school that I do.
He attributed the accident to the bad weather.
He banged his head against a shelf and got a big lump.
He banged on the table with his fist.
He became a citizen of the United States.
He became a singer against his parents wishes.
He became an orphan when he was ten.
He became brave in the face of danger.
He became ever more famous as a critic.
He became more and more famous as a critic.
He became sick and they laid him on a bench.
He became so excited that what he said made no sense at all.
He became the company president when he was thirty.
He began by saying that he would not speak very long.
He began his lecture with a humorous anecdote.
He began his meal by drinking half a glass of ale.
He began to work to get Congress to reduce taxes.
He begged his father to buy him a bicycle.
He believed that blacks could win their fight for equal rights without violence.
He believes that I can do things that I've never even thought of doing.
He belittles others to make himself feel important.
He bent down and picked up the ball.
He bent over backward to please his wife.
He bent over to see insects in the flowerbed.
He betrayed us by telling the enemy where we were.
He blamed his teacher for his failure in the entrance examination.
He blew on his fingers to make them warm.
He blew on the tip of his fingers.
He blew out the candles on the cake.
He boasts that he can speak six languages.
He borrowed a lot of money from the bank.
He borrowed some money from his father as a last resort.
He bought a pair of black shoes yesterday.
He bought eggs and milk from a farmer.
He bought the land for the purpose of building a house on it.
He bought the picture for next to nothing.
He breathed deeply before entering his boss's office.
He bribed that politician with a great deal of money.
He bribed the judge and got off scot-free.
He broke down when he heard the bad news.
He broke his word, which made his wife angry.
He broke off in the middle of his speech.
He broke the machine by using it incorrectly.
He broke two ribs and punctured his lung.
He brought food to his guest and provided him shelter.
He brought me coffee, when I had asked for tea.
He brushed up his English during his stay in London.
He buttoned up his coat before walking out the door.
He calculated that it would cost him 100 dollars.
He called his mother up from the airport.
He called in to say he could not attend the meeting.
He called on state troops to end the strike.
He called out the name of the winner.
He came across this old coin in an antique shop.
He came all the way to talk over a problem with me.
He came at 3 o'clock in the afternoon.
He came at me with a knife in his hand.
He came back at about nine last night.
He came back not because he was homesick, but because he was running short of money.
He came by car instead of by train.
He came early, as he had been asked to do.
He came in spite of the heavy snow.
He came late, as is often the case with him.
He came near to being drowned in the river.
He came to ask us for our help.
He came to ask us to help him.
He came to Japan when he was a boy of ten.
He came to Japan when he was a child.
He came to London by way of Siberia.
He came to school even though he was unwell.
He came to see me during my absence.
He came to see me in a different way.
He came to see me three days before he left for Africa.
He came to the United States as a boy from Scotland.
He came to Tokyo at the age of three.
He came to Tokyo in search of employment.
He can bend an iron rod with his hands.
He can compress the most words into the smallest ideas of any man I ever met.
He can cook as well as his wife.
He can do anything he sets his mind to.
He can do five somersaults without breaking a sweat.
He can do it better than I can.
He can do it far better than I can.
He can imitate the rest of the family.
He can mask his feeling if the occasion calls for it.
He can only pay twenty dollars at most.
He can play tennis better than any other boy in his class.
He can play the piano better than I can.
He can play the piano, the flute, the guitar, and so on.
He can run as fast as any other boy.
He can sing better than any of us.
He can speak both English and French very well.
He can speak not only English but also French.
He can speak Thai as well as English.
He can stay here for one night, no longer.
He canceled the appointment at the last moment.
He cannot afford to buy a car, much less a house.
He cannot speak French without making a few mistakes.
He can't afford to buy a new car.
He can't be smart if he can screw up something like that.
He can't chew well, because he has a toothache now.
He can't do this kind of work, and she can't either.
He can't go without wine for even a day.
He can't read French, much less write it.
He can't run his own family, let alone a nation!
He can't say anything to his father's face.
He can't swim at all, but when it comes to skiing, he is the best.
He can't tell what is written on the paper.
He can't work properly until he's had his cup of joe.
He carved a Buddhist image out of wood.
He caught hold of a rope and saved himself.
He caught the ball with his left hand.
He caught the first train and got there just in time.
He caused his parents a lot of anxiety.
He censured me for what I had done.
He changes his schedule from day to day.
He cheated on the test by copying from the girl in front.
He checked the calculations again just to make sure.
He cherished the memory of his dead wife.
He chipped the edge of the tea cup.
He chose not to run for the presidential election.
He chose the wrong man to pick a fight with.
He chose to live in Tokyo instead of Osaka.
He claimed that he had returned the book to the library.
He claimed that the enormous property was at his disposal.
He claimed to be an expert in finance.
He claims to be a socialist, and yet he has two houses and a Rolls Royce.
He cleared his throat before starting the lecture.
He clinched the election when he came out against a tax increase.
He cloaked his evil intentions with his friendly behavior.
He cloaks his wickedness under a smiling face.
He clung to the hope that he would see her again someday.
He comes and sees me once in a while.
He comes every day to visit his sick friend.
He comes from a small but wealthy town.
He comes into contact with all kinds of people.
He comes to see me nearly every day.
He comes to see my son now and then.
He comes to visit us every now and then.
He commanded me to leave the bedroom immediately.
He committed suicide by jumping off a bridge.
He committed suicide to atone for his sin.
He compared his car to the new model.
He complained that he couldn't find a job.
He complains about one thing or another all the time.
He complains of not having enough time to read.
He completely failed to understand why she got angry.
He concealed the file in what he thought was a safe place.
He confessed that he had broken the vase.
He confessed that he had fallen in love with me.
He confided in me things he would tell no one else.
He confirmed that it was the wreck of the Titanic.
He confirmed that something was wrong with his car.
He conserved his energy for the next game.
He consoled himself with the thought that it might have been worse.
He contends that nuclear weapons are necessary for national defense.
He contends that primitive life once existed on Mars.
He contracted malaria while living in the jungle.
He contradicted himself several times in his testimony.
He contributed a lot of money to the charity.
He cooked up a good excuse for not going to the party.
He could always tell which direction the wind was blowing.
He could not come because of his illness.
He could not find what I had hidden.
He could not help laughing at her jokes.
He could not perceive any difference between the twins.
He could not rest until he knew the truth.
He could not send his son to school.
He could not sleep because of the heat.
He could not stand being kept waiting so long.
He could read me like an open book.
He could show his feeling with music instead of words.
He could swim across the river when he was in his teens.
He couldn't attend the meeting because he was sick.
He couldn't fulfill the promise he made to his father.
He couldn't get his ideas across to the students.
He couldn't go out because of the snow.
He couldn't move and had to call for help.
He couldn't stand the bitterness of the coffee.
He couldn't wait to try out his new surfboard.
He countered their proposal with a surprising suggestion.
He craned his neck to see the procession.
He crashed his car because someone tampered with the brakes.
He cried as if he were a boy of six.
He cried out for help in a loud voice.
He criticized the war after leaving the military.
He crossed the Pacific Ocean in a sailboat.
He crossed the Pacific Ocean in thirty days.
He crossed the river in a small boat.
He crushed the sheet of paper up into a ball.
He cussed me out for having lied to him.
He cut a twig from the tree with his knife.
He cut down a tree in his garden.
He cut down a tree in the garden.
He cut his finger in opening a can.
He cut off a branch from the tree.
He cut some branches off the oak tree.
He cut the advertisement out of the newspaper.
He darted into the hall and up the stairs.
He dealt me a blow in the face.
He decided neither to advance nor to retreat.
He decided not to go to the party.
He decided to feed his dog the rabbit that he had shot earlier that day.
He decided to get on with the plan.
He decided to give up smoking once and for all.
He decided to rent his property to that company.
He declined the offer and so did I.
He dedicated his life to helping the poor.
He dedicated his whole life to helping poor people.
He deemed it wise to accept the offer.
He deliberately ignored me when I passed him in the street.
He demanded a large sum of money from me.
He demanded a replacement for the broken part.
He demanded that I should pay the money back at once.
He denied having been involved in the affair.
He denied having taken part in the crime.
He denied that he had accepted the bribe.
He denounced all forms of dishonesty in government.
He departed for London the day before yesterday.
He deprived my little sister of all her toys.
He described the accident in detail to the police.
He despises people of a lower social class.
He devoted a lot of time to study.
He devoted all his time to the study of history.
He devoted himself to the study of medicine.
He devoted his life to the study of science.
He devoted the last years of his life to writing his autobiography.
He did a real snow job on my daughter.
He did a rough drawing to show me the way to the station.
He did exactly as I had told him.
He did his best and still had poor marks.
He did his best never to think of her.
He did his best only to fail again.
He did his best to be in time for the train.
He did his best to carry out the plan.
He did it in front of the staff.
He did it not for me but for himself.
He did it the way I told him to.
He did it, and what was more surprising, he did it by himself.
He did not answer the phone, so I sent him an email.
He did not believe anyone had the right to do so.
He did not come back before ten o'clock.
He did not expect to live so long.
He did not get up early in the morning.
He did not go to America for nothing.
He did not have much time to work on his speech.
He did not intend to hurt your feelings.
He did not repeat the truth to anyone.
He did not say a word to us.
He did nothing but lie in bed all day.
He did nothing but watch TV all day.
He did something stupid and was sneered at.
He did the reverse of what I asked.
He did well in all subjects and, above all, in mathematics.
He did well in all subjects, particularly mathematics.
He did what he promised to do for me.
He did what I told him to do.
He didn't agree with us about the matter.
He didn't answer the phone, so I sent him an email.
He didn't come back to the base yesterday.
He didn't divulge the information, not even under pain of torture.
He didn't get in until 2 o'clock in the morning.
He didn't have enough experience to cope with the problem.
He didn't have the decency to admit that he was wrong.
He didn't have time to spend with his children.
He didn't hesitate to tell his wife the truth.
He didn't know what to do with the extra food.
He didn't know what to say, so he remained silent.
He didn't like being separated from his family.
He didn't like to ask for help even if he was starving.
He didn't make public what he had discovered there.
He didn't only teach at school, he also wrote novels.
He didn't run fast enough to catch the train.
He didn't say a word to me all day.
He didn't say so, but he implied that I was lying.
He didn't see the stop sign and almost hit the child crossing the street.
He didn't succeed in explaining what he wanted.
He didn't trust his brother enough to confide in him.
He didn't want to part with his house.
He didn't want to talk about it anymore.
He didn't want to talk about it further.
He died a few days before his hundredth birthday.
He died and his soul went to hell.
He died of a heart attack on the stage.
He died of old age two years ago.
He died on the day his son arrived.
He died peacefully in bed at the age of 86.
He died within a few days of his hundredth birthday.
He directed all his energy to his business.
He disappeared into a dark corner at the back of the shop.
He dislikes unexpectedness and emergencies of any kind.
He ditched the car in an alley and took off running.
He divided the apples among the five of us.
He does a kind act once a day.
He does not care for any sport involving team work or quick responses to other players.
He does not even know how to sign his name.
He does not have anyone to play with.
He does not know how to drive a car.
He does not know what it is to be poor.
He does not like to wait until the last moment to do a thing.
He does not need a wife to look after him.
He does not seem to be able to catch on to what she is saying.
He does not seem to be very tired.
He does not speak unless he is asked to.
He does not take care of his children.
He does nothing but complain from morning till night.
He does nothing but watch TV all day long.
He doesn't care if his car is dirty.
He doesn't carry much baggage on his trips.
He doesn't earn enough money to live on.
He doesn't even drink beer, not to mention whiskey.
He doesn't even remember what happened last night.
He doesn't get along with anybody in the office.
He doesn't go to the office on Saturday.
He doesn't have any friends to play with.
He doesn't have his feet on the ground.
He doesn't have the capacity to be president.
He doesn't have the necessary skills for that job.
He doesn't have the necessary skills for that task.
He doesn't just speak French, he speaks Spanish as well.
He doesn't know how to write a letter in English.
He doesn't know the difference between good and evil.
He doesn't know the difference between right and wrong.
He doesn't know what it is to be poor.
He doesn't like being told what to do.
He doesn't like the heat of the summer.
He doesn't like to wait until the last moment to do something.
He doesn't mean to be mean. It's just his nature.
He doesn't seem to be aware of the conflict between my father and me.
He doesn't seem to be aware of the problems.
He doesn't seem to be heading for the town.
He doesn't stand a chance against his opponent.
He doesn't study as hard as he used to.
He doesn't want me to go, but I mean to.
He doesn't want to admit that he has a drinking problem.
He doesn't want to get out of bed.
He doesn't want to leave the room because he's afraid that he'll catch another cold.
He doesn't want to live in the city.
He doesn't want to play with his toys.
He doesn't want to say how much the gift cost.
He doesn't want to talk to me now, and I don't know why.
He doesn't want to work in a factory.
He doesn't want you to lose a whole week.
He doesn't work here now, but he used to work here.
He doubts if I will keep my promise.
He drank a cup of tea and then asked for another.
He drank the whisky as if it were water.
He dreaded having to spend Christmas in the hospital.
He drew a straight line on the wall.
He drew a straight line with his pencil.
He drew some vertical lines on the paper.
He dried his wet clothes by the fire.
He drinks a glass of water every morning.
He drinks a lot of milk every day.
He dropped his wineglass and broke its stem.
He dropped out of college in the first year.
He drove his sports car at full speed.
He drove over a land mine and his jeep blew up.
He drove the car, listening to music on the radio.
He earns his living as a hotel boy.
He earns his living by playing the piano.
He earns more money than he can spend.
He earns three times more than I do.
He encouraged his son to do something great.
He endeavored to make his wife happy, but in vain.
He ended his life by jumping off a bridge.
He enjoys his sleep and doesn't like to have it interfered with.
He enjoys wandering around the forest in his spare time.
He entered the bank disguised as a guard.
He entered the Democratic Party but soon left it.
He entered the room in his coat and hat.
He entered the university after failing the examination twice.
He escaped from prison by climbing over a wall.
He examined the house with an eye to opening a store there.
He examined the spare parts one after another.
He examined the spare parts one by one.
He excelled in music even as a child.
He exchanged his old car for a new one.
He expected that their talk was going to be long.
He explained his plan both to my son and to me.
He explained in detail what he had seen.
He explained the political background of the war on TV.
He explained to me how to use the machine.
He explained to me that he had no money.
He explained to my son why it rains.
He explored the region around the South Pole.
He expressed his feelings in the form of a painting.
He expressed his opinion in a few words.
He extorted a large amount of money from her.
He failed because he did not have money.
He failed in business, and to make matters worse, his wife fell ill.
He failed in his attempt to swim across the river.
He failed in the attempt to sail across the Pacific Ocean.
He failed to become a cabinet member at that time.
He failed to come up to our expectations.
He failed to escape from the fire and burned to death.
He fainted in the middle of his speech.
He fainted in the midst of his speech.
He fainted with hunger and fatigue, but came to after a while.
He faked his death and assumed a new identity.
He fashioned a walking stick from a fallen branch.
He fashioned an elegant pot out of clay.
He fed his dog at the same time every day.
He feels relaxed when he's playing the guitar.
He feels this new law will restrict his freedom.
He fell asleep at the wheel and had an accident.
He fell asleep behind the wheel and had an accident.
He fell down on the ice and hurt his leg.
He fell for it hook, line, and sinker.
He fell ill because he ate too much.
He fell in love with a younger woman.
He fell in love with her at first sight.
He fell in love with his best friend.
He fell in love with the girl at first sight.
He fell into a deep depression and decided to off himself.
He felt a sharp pain in his chest.
He felt a sudden urge to write a novel.
He felt an acute pain in his chest.
He felt himself seized by a strong arm from behind.
He felt in his pocket for his lighter.
He felt in his pocket for his wallet.
He felt it was his duty to go.
He felt sad because he lost his father.
He felt the same way as I did.
He fetched a few cushions to prop up her head.
He filled up the hole in the wall.
He finally achieved what he set out to do.
He finally found out how to make it.
He finally made a name for himself as a politician.
He finished drinking one beer and ordered another.
He finished his dinner because he didn't like to waste food.
He fleeced three old ladies of their meager pensions.
He flinches whenever he hears a loud, sudden noise.
He flung a stream of abuse at me.
He forgot that he bought her a present.
He forgot to come to see me yesterday.
He found his father lying in the kitchen.
He found it difficult to solve the problem.
He found it impossible to go there on foot.
He found it very hard to keep the conversation going.
He found no difficulty in solving the problem.
He frequently jumps from one topic to another while he is talking.
He fumbled with the keys before finding the right one.
He gambled on the war coming to an early end.
He gathered the courage to decline the offer.
He gave a detailed description of the accident.
He gave a positive answer to my question.
He gave a series of lectures on Japanese literature at UCLA.
He gave a tip as a sign of gratitude.
He gave an address to the nation on TV.
He gave an angry shake of his head.
He gave an excuse about why he had been absent.
He gave an explanation about why he had been absent.
He gave away all his money to charity.
He gave away his entire fortune to an old friend's daughter, and expected nothing in return.
He gave back all the money he had borrowed.
He gave body and soul to his job.
He gave her an engagement ring last night.
He gave his blood to help his sister.
He gave his daughter quite a lot of money.
He gave his seat to the old man.
He gave me a brief outline of the plan.
He gave me a good piece of advice.
He gave me all the money he had on him.
He gave me all the money he was carrying with him.
He gave me clothes as well as food.
He gave me food and money as well.
He gave me his office telephone number and address.
He gave me not only advice but also money.
He gave me some bread, also some milk.
He gave me what little money he had.
He gave me what money he had with him.
He gave no explanation why he had been absent.
He gave the barking dog a vicious kick.
He gave the police a false name and address.
He gave up his attempt once and for all.
He gave up his dream of becoming a pilot.
He gave us an essay to write during the vacation.
He gave us not only clothes but some money.
He gave us quite a lot of trouble.
He gets a haircut three times a month.
He gets a kick out of reckless driving.
He gets a reasonable salary as a bank clerk.
He gets along very well with his friends.
He gets his hair cut once a month.
He gets really testy when he doesn't get his way.
He gets up as early as five every morning.
He gives an apple to the teacher every day.
He gives me a bad time, as he always does.
He gives me a phone call every now and then.
He gives us a lot of trouble, but I like him all the same.
He glanced at her and saw she was angry.
He glanced at her with no sign of recognition.
He glanced over the newspaper before turning in.
He goes swimming in the river every day.
He goes to a school for the deaf.
He goes to bed early but it takes him a long time to get to sleep.
He goes to sleep with the lights left on.
He goes to the library to read books.
He got a broken jaw and lost some teeth.
He got a prize for winning the competition.
He got all his information from secondary sources.
He got an important position in the company.
He got angry and told off his servant.
He got down on his knees and prayed for the souls of the deceased.
He got fired for slacking off at work.
He got his arm broken while he was playing soccer.
He got his car washed at the filling station.
He got his shirt mended by his wife.
He got hooked on drugs at a young age.
He got hurt in the accident at work.
He got into his car in a hurry.
He got into the habit of smoking in his youth.
He got lost on his way to the village.
He got lost while he was walking in the woods.
He got lost while walking in the woods.
He got mad at me for calling him Shorty.
He got out of the cab in haste.
He got out of the habit of smoking.
He got the book down from the shelf.
He got the first prize in the contest.
He got the highest grade on the exam.
He got the sack for slacking off at work.
He got up an hour early this morning.
He got up and left in the middle of the discussion.
He got up at eight in the morning.
He got up early so he'd be in time for the train.
He got up quickly, splashed cold water on his face, brushed his teeth, and shaved.
He got up suddenly and walked out of the room.
He got up to see if he had turned off the light in the kitchen.
He got very proficient in English in a few years.
He grabbed the chance to get a job.
He graduated from some rinky-dink college in Oklahoma.
He gritted his teeth and forced back his growing fear.
He groped for the doorknob in the dark.
He had a copy made of this key.
He had a gentleness that was attractive to women.
He had a good look at the papers.
He had a hard time making himself understood at the meeting.
He had a kind word and a pleasant smile for everyone.
He had a lot of money in the bank.
He had a lot of things to do.
He had a lot of work to do.
He had a problem with the front door key.
He had a queer expression on his face.
He had a slight edge on his opponent.
He had a traffic accident on his way to school.
He had all the attributes of a leader.
He had an accident and broke his leg.
He had an accident and fractured his leg.
He had an interview with the Prime Minister.
He had an operation on his left leg.
He had barely enough money to buy bread and milk.
He had been ill for a week when they sent for a doctor.
He had been living in Nagano for seven years when his daughter was born.
He had been reading for two hours when she came in.
He had been working in the factory for three years when the accident occurred.
He had bruises all over after the fight.
He had done his homework when I called on him.
He had gone there to help garbage workers strike peacefully for better pay and working conditions.
He had heard wonderful stories about cities of gold with silver trees.
He had his arm broken during the game.
He had his brother help him with the gardening.
He had his car stolen in that parking lot.
He had his head in the clouds in class.
He had his license taken away because of reckless driving.
He had his pocket picked in the crowd.
He had his sister help him paint the wall of his room.
He had just come home when I called.
He had just finished his homework when the clock struck ten.
He had led the Republican Party with great success.
He had made enemies during his early political life.
He had never seen such a bad boy.
He had no choice but to run away.
He had no difficulty in finding the place.
He had no money and so could not buy any food.
He had no particular reason to go there.
He had no sooner arrived than he was asked to leave.
He had not even spoken to the president about it.
He had nothing to say, so he left.
He had nothing to say, so he went away.
He had one of his socks on inside out.
He had plenty of money for his trip.
He had scarcely escaped when he was recaptured.
He had served as a congressman and senator.
He had such a bad headache that he had to cancel the meeting.
He had the ambition to be prime minister.
He had the courage to decline the offer.
He had the courage to expose the scandal.
He had the gall to ignore my advice.
He had the good fortune to find a good wife.
He had the kindness to show me the way.
He had the nerve to take my car without asking.
He had the privilege of a private education.
He had this stupid habit of slouching against any available surface.
He had three bullet wounds in his chest.
He had three servants to wait on him.
He had to call on all his experience to carry out the plan.
He had to go through a lot of hardships.
He had to leave the city, so he moved to Berlin.
He had to reduce the price of his wares.
He had to share a bedroom with his brother.
He had to stay in hospital for a whole week.
He had words with his friend and then struck him.
He hadn't eaten all day long and was very hungry.
He handed in his resignation to his boss.
He handed over all his property to his son.
He happened to catch sight of a rare butterfly.
He has a big restaurant near the lake.
He has a bookstore in the center of the city.
He has a car that has four doors.
He has a car that I gave him.
He has a car which I gave to him.
He has a chance of equaling the old record.
He has a daughter who is very pretty.
He has a deep affection for his son.
He has a fear that his brother will fail.
He has a few friends in this town.
He has a good chance of getting elected.
He has a good head on his shoulders.
He has a good record as a businessman.
He has a habit of keeping the door open.
He has a large basket full of flowers.
He has a large desk in his small room.
He has a large house and two cars.
He has a large number of books on his bookshelf.
He has a lot more money than I have.
He has a lot of books on history.
He has a lot of difficulty seeing without his glasses.
He has a lot of money in the bank.
He has a lot of things to do.
He has a lot of topics for conversation.
He has a maid to wait on him.
He has a new woman in his life.
He has a reputation as being straight as an arrow. He'd never get involved in corruption.
He has a reputation for taking a long time to make a decision.
He has a scraggly beard and a bum leg.
He has a sufficient income to support his family.
He has a very dry sense of humor.
He has a very good sense of humor.
He has a very materialistic outlook on life.
He has almost no money, but he gets by.
He has always been at the head of the class.
He has been asked to sit on the committee.
He has been drinking steadily since his divorce.
He has been in Japan for three years.
He has been in Japan for two years.
He has been like a father to me.
He has been living here these ten years.
He has been living in Ankara for six years.
He has been living in Ankara since 2006.
He has been living in the cabin by himself for more than ten years.
He has been on a diet for two months.
He has been on sick leave for a month now.
He has been playing chess since he was in high school.
He has been playing tennis since this morning.
He has been secretly in love with her.
He has been sick for a long time.
He has been sick in bed all week.
He has been sick in bed for a week.
He has been sick in bed this past week.
He has been studying French for eight years.
He has been suffering from a bad cold. She is very anxious about his health.
He has been the chief of his tribe for 35 years.
He has been to Portugal, not to mention Spain.
He has bought a lot in the suburbs with a view to building a house.
He has coached us for half a year.
He has decided not to go to the meeting.
He has dedicated his life to the preservation of nature.
He has devoted himself to his studies recently.
He has done it in just a few years.
He has done many things for poor people.
He has engaged in religious activity since then.
He has enough ability to manage a business.
He has eyes at the back of his head.
He has friends from many different walks of life.
He has gathered a small army of volunteers.
He has given up running in order to focus on the long jump.
He has given up smoking for the sake of his health.
He has gone to Osaka on urgent business.
He has good reason to get very angry.
He has half as many books as I do.
He has hardly any money, but he gets by.
He has his hair cut once a month.
He has just as many books as his father does.
He has just published an interesting series of articles.
He has made a promise to come again.
He has made me what I am today.
He has made the company what it is today.
He has made up his mind to buy the car.
He has more books than he can ever read.
He has more money than can be spent.
He has more money than he can spend.
He has much more money than I have.
He has never been scolded by his father.
He has no close friends to talk with.
He has no distinct idea of how to proceed.
He has no equal in the field of electronics.
He has no friends to fall back on.
He has no house in which to live.
He has no intention to interfere with your business.
He has no right to interfere in our family affairs.
He has not been able to attend school for a week.
He has not come yet. He may have missed the train.
He has not come yet. Something may have happened to him.
He has not paid his portion of the rent.
He has not written to them for a long time.
He has only a superficial knowledge of Japanese.
He has only a superficial knowledge of the subject.
He has only one servant to attend on him.
He has played his card out of turn.
He has plenty of money in the bank.
He has powerful connections in the publishing industry.
He has promised never to be late again.
He has published many papers on the subject.
He has recently made remarkable progress in English.
He has recovered his health, so he is now able to resume his studies.
He has retired, but he is still an actual leader.
He has sent the boy on an errand.
He has some income in addition to his salary.
He has something to do with the case.
He has something to do with the matter.
He has something to do with the traffic accident.
He has spent ten years in jail for murder.
He has spent three years writing this novel.
He has squandered every opportunity I've given him.
He has taken all this trouble for nothing.
He has taken charge of his father's company.
He has the ability to do the job.
He has the ability to do the work.
He has the ability to make a good plan.
He has the backing of a certain politician.
He has the bad habit of chewing his pencil.
He has the habit of scratching his head.
He has the habit of standing up when he is angry.
He has the least money of us all.
He has the same camera as I have.
He has three times as many books as I have.
He has to have an operation next week.
He has to have his blood pressure taken every day.
He has transmitted all his knowledge to his son.
He has twice as many books as I do.
He has two aunts on his mother's side.
He has two daughters, both of whom are married to doctors.
He has two daughters, one is a pianist and the other is a violinist.
He has very little interest in his children.
He has worked out a quicker way to get the job finished.
He hasn't been doing anything since he graduated from high school.
He hasn't been heard from since he left the country.
He hasn't written to them in a long time.
He headed for the door at full speed.
He held his breath while watching the match.
He held out a helping hand to the poor.
He held out his hand and I took it.
He helped an old lady get up from her seat.
He helped me to get over the difficulties.
He hid his emotions and pretended to be enthusiastic.
He hit the center of the target with his first shot.
He hopes to exhibit his paintings in Japan.
He hung an old, wooden oar on his wall as a decoration.
He hung up before I could say anything.
He hurried in order to get the bus.
He hurried on to make up for lost time.
He hurried past me without stopping to speak.
He hurried so he wouldn't miss the train.
He hurried up so that he wouldn't miss the train.
He hurt his left foot when he fell.
He hurt his left hand with a knife.
He ignored the speed limit and drove very fast.
He implied that something was wrong with his marriage.
He intimated that all is not well in his marriage.
He introduced me to his relatives at the reception.
He introduced the problem of education into the conversation.
He invested a lot of money in stocks.
He is a bit of a grouch in the morning.
He is a British citizen, but lives in India.
He is a busy man, so you can only get in touch with him by telephone.
He is a critic rather than a novelist.
He is a diplomat at the American Embassy.
He is a doctor and a university professor.
He is a gentleman. He cannot have said such a thing.
He is a good match for me in tennis.
He is a hard man to deal with.
He is a little light for a sumo wrestler.
He is a man of few words, but he always keeps his promise.
He is a man of his word, so if he said he'd help, he will.
He is a man who can always be trusted.
He is a man you can rely upon.
He is a member of the parish committee.
He is a nice man, except that he talks too much.
He is a nice person, to be sure, but not very clever.
He is a primary school teacher, so he is used to dealing with children.
He is a professor of English at Leeds.
He is a recognized authority on the subject.
He is a scientist who is respected by everybody.
He is a student at a high school.
He is a student at Yushu High School.
He is a very irritating critic of others.
He is able to swim like a fish.
He is absorbed in reading a detective story.
He is absorbed in the study of Latin.
He is afraid to fly in an airplane.
He is ahead of his class in English.
He is alert to every chance of making money.
He is alleged to have stolen the jewelry.
He is always a step or two ahead of the times.
He is always complaining about his low salary.
He is always dwelling on the pleasures of the past.
He is always finding fault with other people.
He is always giving presents to his wife.
He is always isolated from his fellow workers.
He is always making a fool of me.
He is always on time for an appointment.
He is always saying bad things about others.
He is always taking a nap at school.
He is always talking about old memories of his childhood.
He is always trying to do the impossible.
He is amusing himself by playing video games.
He is an honest man and will always remain so.
He is apt to say atrocious things and to exaggerate his grievances.
He is as clever as any of his classmates.
He is as great a poet as ever lived.
He is as smart as any other boy in the class.
He is ashamed of his father being poor.
He is at the head of the class.
He is at work now, but will be coming home at seven.
He is better off than he used to be.
He is bigger than all the other boys.
He is bound to pass the entrance examination.
He is busy preparing for the entrance examination.
He is buying some wood so that he can make a bookcase.
He is by far the best baseball player at our school.
He is by far the best player on the team.
He is by far the wisest of the three.
He is capable of doing such a thing.
He is capable of running a mile in four minutes.
He is capable of teaching both English and French.
He is carrying out experiments in his laboratory.
He is coming to see me tomorrow afternoon.
He is complaining about something or other all the time.
He is concerned about the result of the exam.
He is considered one of the greatest scientists in our country.
He is considered the prime suspect by the police.
He is deaf, but knows how to read lips.
He is different from what he used to be.
He is extremely pessimistic and has no aspirations.
He is fatter than when I last saw him.
He is fighting with his back against the wall.
He is fond of this kind of music.
He is fortunate having such a good wife.
He is French by birth, but he is now a citizen of the USA.
He is furious at what they have done to him.
He is generally at home in the evening.
He is getting along well with his employees.
He is glad about his son's love of books.
He is going to be a doctor when he grows up.
He is going to buy a new bicycle next week.
He is going to explain it to me.
He is going to stay at a friend's house.
He is going to stay with his uncle for the weekend.
He is going to study English next week.
He is good at solving complicated mathematical problems.
He is good at voicing the concerns others are too nervous to speak up about.
He is hailed as the father of modern anthropology.
He is holding his books under his arm.
He is in a poor state of health.
He is in charge of entertaining the foreign guests.
He is in danger of losing his position unless he works harder.
He is in the habit of reading the newspaper while eating.
He is in touch with all kinds of people.
He is inclined to argue at great length.
He is late for meetings nine times out of ten.
He is learning how to drive a car.
He is leaving for New York next week.
He is leaving for Peru tomorrow, isn't he?
He is leaving Narita for Hawaii this evening.
He is likely to be late for school.
He is listening to the news on the radio.
He is living with his friend for the time being.
He is looked up to as their leader.
He is looking at what used to be my father's desk.
He is madly in love with that girl.
He is much better than me at the high jump.
He is my friend. Do you guys know him?
He is my neighbor, but I don't know him well.
He is neither for nor against the plan.
He is no longer a member of our club.
He is no more a fool than you are.
He is not a friend, but an acquaintance.
He is not a man to trifle with.
He is not a patient but a doctor in this hospital.
He is not a politician but a lawyer.
He is not a singer, but an actor.
He is not aggressive enough to succeed in business.
He is not always in the office in the morning.
He is not as clever as my brother.
He is not as intelligent as his older brother.
He is not as lazy a student as you think.
He is not as smart as his older brother.
He is not as tall as his brother.
He is not as tall as his father.
He is not as well off as he used to be.
He is not as young as he looks.
He is not ashamed of his father being poor.
He is not fond of sports, and I am not either.
He is not interested in art at all.
He is not man to lose heart at a single failure.
He is not more than two or three years younger than I am.
He is not my son, but my nephew.
He is not old enough to live alone.
He is not rich, but he is happy.
He is not running in the coming election.
He is not scared of snakes at all.
He is not the man that he used to be.
He is not the man that he was when I first knew him.
He is not the sharpest knife in the drawer.
He is not the shy boy he used to be.
He is not the sort of guy who gives in easily.
He is not the sort of man who counts on others for help.
He is not too old to do it.
He is not too poor to buy a bicycle.
He is not what he used to be.
He is not what he was ten years ago.
He is now almost as tall as his father is.
He is now almost as tall as his father.
He is now in a very difficult situation.
He is now on the way to recovery.
He is numbered among the greatest scientists in the world.
He is often late for school on Mondays.
He is old enough to be her father.
He is old enough to drive a car.
He is one of Spain's most famous authors.
He is one of the American presidential candidates.
He is one of the best brains in our country.
He is one of the greatest artists in Japan.
He is one of the greatest scientists in Japan.
He is one of the greatest scientists in the world.
He is one of the most popular students in the class.
He is our teacher and a person we should respect.
He is precisely the man we're looking for.
He is precisely the one you are looking for.
He is proud of having won the prize.
He is proud of his father being rich.
He is proud that his father was a famous scientist.
He is quick to adapt to new circumstances.
He is rarely, if ever, late for appointments.
He is reading a book in his room.
He is reading a book. Let's leave him alone.
He is ready to join us under one condition.
He is regarded as the best doctor in the village.
He is reputed the best lawyer in this city.
He is rich enough to buy the painting.
He is rich, but his older brother is poor.
He is richer than anybody else in town.
He is said to have been a good teacher.
He is said to have been very poor when he was young.
He is said to have made a fortune in oil.
He is said to have taken part in the battle.
He is saving in order to buy a house.
He is saving money for a trip abroad.
He is scheduled to come up to Tokyo tomorrow.
He is second to none when it comes to debating.
He is so careless that he often makes mistakes.
He is so full of conceit that everybody dislikes him.
He is so honest that everybody trusts him.
He is still too young for the job.
He is strange, and I don't like strange people.
He is studying hard so that he can pass the examinations.
He is such a bad person that everybody dislikes him.
He is supposed to be at home today.
He is sure to pass the exam if he studies at this rate.
He is talking of going to Spain this winter.
He is taller than any other boy in his class.
He is taller than me by a head.
He is the best player on our team.
He is the fastest runner in our class.
He is the greatest scientist that the world has ever produced.
He is the head of the sales department.
He is the last man I want to see.
He is the last man that I want to talk with.
He is the last man to do such a thing.
He is the last person I would want to go skiing with.
He is the last person to speak ill of others.
He is the man you can rely on.
He is the man you met the other day.
He is the most obstinate child I have ever seen.
He is the only American to have swum the English Channel.
He is the only one of my friends that is talented.
He is the only one that doesn't observe the custom.
He is the president of the company in fact.
He is the spitting image of his father.
He is the tallest man that I have ever seen.
He is the type of a person who calls a spade a spade.
He is the very man for the job.
He is the very man that we've been looking for.
He is to come here at six o'clock.
He is to come to my house tonight.
He is too busy dreaming dreams to plan what he will do in his old age.
He is too cautious to try anything new.
He is too honest to tell a lie.
He is too much of a coward to attempt it.
He is too short to get at the book on the shelf.
He is too shy to talk to girls.
He is too smart not to know it.
He is too young to go there alone.
He is training a horse for a race.
He is trying hard to give up smoking.
He is twelve years old. He is tall for his age.
He is twice as heavy as his wife.
He is twice as old as I am.
He is twice as old as she is.
He is unable to concentrate on his academic work.
He is unmarried and has no brothers or sisters.
He is up to his ears in debt.
He is used to eating in a rush.
He is used to that type of situation.
He is usually straightforward and sincere and thereby gains the confidence of those who meet him.
He is very clever for a boy of ten.
He is very difficult to get along with.
He is very friendly, so I enjoy working with him.
He is very much interested in Japanese history.
He is very nice. He never speaks ill of others.
He is very slow at making friends with anybody.
He is well off, so he doesn't worry about money.
He is what is called a man of action.
He is what we call a man of culture.
He is what we call a musical genius.
He is what we call a walking dictionary.
He is without doubt the most successful movie director in the world.
He is working as a security guard at a warehouse.
He is working hard in order to pass the entrance examination.
He is working hard to pass the examination.
He is working in the field of biology.
He is worthy to be captain of our team.
He is writing a letter to his parents now.
He is younger than me by three years.
He is, indeed, a man of his word.
He is, without question, the best man for the job.
He isn't as energetic as he once was.
He isn't back yet. He may have had an accident.
He isn't smart enough to add up numbers in his head.
He isn't the kind of person who we want to work with.
He isn't the only one with this opinion.
He jumped into the water with a splash.
He just moved into an apartment he inherited from his parents.
He just naturally avoids everything that is intense, difficult or strenuous.
He just texted me. I think he's drunk again.
He keeps all his savings in the bank.
He keeps his griefs, sorrows, ambitions and most of his real opinions to himself.
He keeps on phoning me, and I really don't want to talk to him.
He kept badgering her until she told him what he wanted to know.
He kept his promise and helped his brothers.
He kept his sense of humor until the day he died.
He kept me waiting for a long time.
He kept me waiting for more than an hour.
He kept on gambling, trying in vain to recoup his losses.
He kept shifting his weight from one foot to the other.
He kept the invaders at bay with a machine gun.
He kept us waiting for a long time.
He kept us waiting for more than an hour.
He kicked his shoes off without untying them first.
He kissed her goodbye and left, never to be seen again.
He knows about the modern history of France.
He knows better than to believe such a thing.
He knows how to make good use of his time.
He knows next to nothing about the issue.
He knows other and easier ways of getting what he desires.
He knows quite well what it is like to be poor.
He lacks the talent to be an actor.
He laid down his pen and leaned back in his chair.
He laid on his back and looked up at the sky.
He lay down on the grass and went to sleep.
He leaned over to put on his shoes.
He learned golf by watching others and following their example.
He learned the news while reading the newspaper.
He led his men and horses over snowy mountains and down into hot valleys.
He left a large fortune to his son.
He left an immense fortune to his children.
He left everything to her in his will.
He left for America the day before yesterday.
He left for London the day before yesterday.
He left for New York a week ago.
He left his hometown at the age of fifteen never to return.
He left his parents when he was eight years old.
He left home early in the morning so he wouldn't miss the train.
He left in the blink of an eye.
He left Japan at the end of the year.
He left on an expedition to the North Pole.
He left the house without so much as saying goodbye.
He left the Mexican capital to return to Texas.
He left the office without saying a word to anyone.
He left the room as soon as I entered it.
He left the room when I came in.
He left the room without saying a word.
He left without so much as saying goodbye.
He let his books fall to the floor.
He let his dog run free in the field.
He let on that he was a lawyer.
He let the dog loose in the garden.
He let the dog loose in the yard.
He lied about his age to get into the club.
He lied to me. That is why I am angry with him.
He likes not only baseball but football as well.
He likes to dress up as a police officer.
He likes to go to the beach now and then.
He likes to just sit around and play video games all day.
He lingered in the classroom after school was over.
He listened to the music with his eyes closed.
He listened to the news on the radio as he fed his dog.
He listened with his ear to the door.
He lived abroad for much of his life.
He lived in France for some time, then went to Italy.
He lived on crackers and water for three days.
He lives as if he were a millionaire.
He lives at the top of the hill.
He lives in a luxury apartment close to Central Park.
He lives in a posh apartment near Central Park.
He lives in a small village in Kyushu.
He lives in the neighborhood of the school.
He lives in the western part of town.
He locked up his jewels in the safe.
He looked around, but he saw no one.
He looked as if he had lost his way.
He looked as if he knew all about it.
He looked asleep, but he was really dead.
He looked at her from head to foot.
He looked at me out of the corner of his eye.
He looked at me with a strange expression.
He looked at the ship through his telescope.
He looked back at us many times and walked away.
He looked calm, but actually he was very nervous.
He looked for every possible means of escape.
He looked for his book for an hour.
He looked like a deer caught in the headlights.
He looked up the word in his dictionary.
He looks as if he had been ill.
He looks pale. He must have drunk too much last night.
He looks to his uncle for advice whenever he is in trouble.
He lost a fortune in the stock market.
He lost almost all the stamps he had collected.
He lost both his parents at an early age.
He lost his balance and fell off his bicycle.
He lost his balance and fell off the ladder.
He lost his life in a traffic accident.
He lost his parents in a plane accident.
He lost his son in the traffic accident.
He lost his temper and hit the boy.
He lost his temper and shouted at me.
He lost hope and killed himself by taking poison.
He lost hope and killed himself with poison.
He lost sight of his friend in the crowd.
He loved me, but he doesn't love me anymore.
He loves a banquet, provided he is not expected to make a speech.
He loves you as much as I do.
He made a cranberry sauce to accompany duck.
He made a killing by investing in the stock market.
He made a little statue out of soft clay.
He made a sharp turn to the left.
He made a speech in front of many people.
He made a speech in support of the plan.
He made a thorough analysis of the problem.
He made an effort to get to the station early.
He made an effort to pass the examination.
He made for the door and tried to escape.
He made heaps of money by ripping off naive suckers.
He made it clear that he had nothing to do with the matter.
He made it known to his friends that he was unwilling to run for the election.
He made many grammatical mistakes in his composition.
He made me out to be a liar.
He made the company what it is today.
He made up a pretext for a fight with me.
He made up a story about the dog.
He made up a story about the king.
He made up his mind to be a pilot.
He made up his mind to go there alone.
He made up his mind to go there.
He made up his mind to marry her.
He made use of the opportunity to improve his English.
He maintained a steady speed on the highway.
He makes a point of doing ten push-ups before going to bed.
He makes it a point to remember each one of our birthdays.
He makes it a rule never to speak ill of others.
He makes it a rule to take a walk every morning.
He makes it a rule to write in his diary every day.
He makes most, if not all, of the important decisions for his company.
He makes three times more money than I do.
He managed to pass his driving test even though he was a poor driver.
He marches to the beat of a different drummer.
He married his daughter to a rich man.
He may be clever, but he is not very helpful.
He may be the very man that I need.
He may still be young, but he really is a reliable person.
He memorized that poem when he was five years old.
He mentioned her name for the first time.
He met many fascinating people in the course of his travels.
He might have been sleeping at that time.
He moved to a good company that offered a good salary.
He must be a fool to talk like that.
He must be a good walker to have walked such a long distance.
He must be crazy to go out in this stormy weather.
He must be crazy to say such a thing.
He must be crazy to treat his parents like this.
He must be stupid to believe such a thing.
He must be very angry to say such a thing.
He must have been sleeping because he didn't answer the telephone.
He must have drunk too much last night.
He must have stacked them up against the wall.
He must stay in the hospital for a week.
He narrowly escaped from the bus when it caught fire.
He needed capital to start a new business.
He needs a few jokes to lighten up his talk.
He needs a more productive outlet for his anger.
He needs proper medical attention at a hospital.
He needs to be the center of attention.
He negotiated a free trade agreement with Canada.
He negotiated a lower price with the real estate agent.
He never believes in paying any more for a thing than is necessary.
He never fails to call his mother on her birthday.
He never fails to give her a birthday present.
He never fails to write home once a month.
He never fails to write to his mother every month.
He never fails to write to his mother every week.
He never forgot his ambition to become a great politician.
He never goes out fishing without taking his son.
He never opens his mouth without complaining about something.
He never pays attention to what I say.
He never recovered from the death of his son.
He never speaks English without making a few mistakes.
He never takes any notice of what his father says.
He never takes into account the fact that I am very busy.
He never travels without taking an alarm clock with him.
He never turns up without making a fuss.
He never visits us without bringing some presents for my children.
He not only speaks French, but he speaks Spanish, too.
He noticed a hole in his jacket, but he tried to ignore it.
He objects to being treated like a child.
He occupies a prominent position in the firm.
He offered his seat to an old woman.
He offered no specific explanation for his strange behavior.
He offered ten dollars for our old radio.
He often accuses her of never listening to what he says.
He often attributes his success to his wife.
He often gets worked up over little things.
He often goes to the library by car.
He often looks back on his high school days.
He often sits by me and listens to music.
He often sits for many hours reading books.
He often takes his children to the zoo.
He often tells us we must help one another.
He often writes to his parents in Japan.
He once knew her, but they are no longer friends.
He only paid ten dollars for that shirt.
He opened the window to let in some fresh air.
He ordered the book from the publisher in the United States.
He ought to have arrived in New York by now.
He owes his success both to working hard and to good luck.
He owes his success only to good luck.
He owes much of his success to his wife.
He paid his loan back to the bank.
He painted the picture which is on the wall.
He parked his car in front of the building.
He passed his property on to his son.
He peddled his "miracle cure" to desperate cancer patients.
He peeked inside, afraid of what he would find.
He persuaded his wife not to divorce him.
He picked up a butterfly between his thumb and forefinger.
He picked up a hat and put it on to see how it would look.
He picked up a mirror and examined his tongue.
He picked up a mirror and looked at his tongue.
He picked up the rifle and aimed it at the target.
He pinched and scraped for many years to save money.
He placed emphasis on the importance of education.
He played a key role in the movement.
He played a minor part in the play.
He played an important role on the committee.
He played golf every day during his vacation.
He played the guitar and she played the piano.
He plays golf two or three times a month.
He plays the piano better than I do.
He pleaded with his mother to let him go to the party.
He possessed a large house and two cars.
He postponed leaving for Hokkaido until next month.
He prefers plain, simple people, for he is plain and simple himself.
He pressed down on the suitcase to close it.
He pretends to be enthusiastic when his boss is around.
He prides himself on his knowledge of politics.
He promised me that he won't tell anybody.
He promised me that he would be more careful in the future.
He promised me that he would come at four.
He promised me that he wouldn't tell anybody.
He promised not to tell that to anyone.
He promised that he would never lie again.
He promised the slaves that they would be freed.
He promised to bring new industries to the region, but politicians rarely keep their word.
He promised to come, but he didn't come.
He promised to help me, but at the last minute he let me down.
He promised to meet him at the coffee shop.
He pulled the wounded soldier to the nearby bush.
He pushed the cat into the swimming pool.
He put a hand gently on her shoulder.
He put all his heart and soul into it.
He put aside a few dollars each week.
He put his hand gently on her shoulder.
He put his tools away after he had finished.
He put in a good word for me.
He put me in touch with the kidnappers.
He put on his coat and left the house.
He put on his glasses and began to read.
He put on his sweater wrong side out.
He put on sunglasses to protect his eyes from ultraviolet rays.
He put the blue folder down on the table.
He put the books on the shelf out of order.
He put the final coat of paint on the wall.
He put the key on the desk as usual.
He put the skis on top of the car.
He put up a notice about the change in price.
He put up his hand to catch the ball.
He puts his own interests above everything else.
He quickly scanned the page for the word he was looking for.
He quit smoking for the sake of his health.
He raised his hand to stop a taxi.
He raised his hat when he saw me.
He raised the glass to his lips and drained it at one gulp.
He ran a great risk in the jungle.
He ran across the street, leaving her alone.
He ran as fast as his legs could carry him.
He ran at the sight of the policeman.
He ran away as soon as he saw me.
He ran away at the sight of a policeman.
He ran away from home three times before he was ten.
He ran away so he wouldn't be caught.
He ran away when he saw the policeman.
He ran off with his best friend's wife and hasn't been heard from since.
He ran so he would get there on time.
He ran the risk of being caught and imprisoned.
He ran the risk of having an accident.
He ran to catch up to his brother.
He ran to the station and caught the train.
He ran too fast for me to keep up with him.
He ran toward me as fast as he could.
He ran up the stairs breathing very hard.
He reached across the table and shook my hand.
He reached out for the sugar that was on the other table.
He read into my words a message that I hadn't intended.
He read the article over and over again.
He read the entire Old Testament in one year.
He read the letter with tears running down his cheeks.
He read the poem with a loud voice.
He reads French and German, not to speak of English.
He realized his dream of becoming an artist.
He really likes science fiction novels a lot.
He received a large sum of money in compensation for his injury.
He received a sizable advance for his book.
He received a telegram saying that his mother had died.
He received quite a few letters this morning.
He recently traded in his jeep for a new Mercedes.
He referred to his past experience in his speech.
He refused our offer to arrange a press conference.
He regained consciousness and was able to talk.
He regrets not having worked harder at school.
He remained calm even in the presence of danger.
He remains calm in the face of danger.
He remembered that Room 418, a very small room, was empty.
He remembers to write to her every week.
He reminded his wife to wake him up at 7:00 a.m.
He reminds me of his father when he speaks.
He replied that he knew nothing about it.
He requested that I come here again this afternoon.
He rescued the child from the burning house.
He rescued the dog at the risk of his own life.
He resigned his post on account of illness.
He resolved to turn over a new leaf.
He responded to her offer with a laugh.
He retired to his own room after supper.
He retorted that it was all my fault.
He returned home by way of Hong Kong.
He returned home for the first time in ten years.
He ripped up all her letters and photos.
He robbed me of every cent I had.
He rushed into the room with his coat on.
He sacrificed his health to fulfill his duty.
He sacrificed his own life to save them.
He said better times were ahead for the country.
He said he did not know the man, which was a lie.
He said he had been to Hawaii before.
He said he had come to Japan the previous week.
He said he had more important things to do.
He said he was hungry, and then he added that he was also thirsty.
He said he was suffering from a bad headache.
He said he was tired, so he would go home early.
He said he wasn't used to speaking in public.
He said he would give me a call, but he hasn't yet.
He said he would give us his decision for sure by Friday.
He said he would not come in, but he came in after all.
He said he would pay for the dinner.
He said he would see me the next day.
He said he would write to me, but he hasn't.
He said his father was an architect and that he wanted to be one too.
He said his father was ill, but that was a lie.
He said it was out of the question.
He said nothing that would make her angry.
He said that America declared its independence in 1776.
He said that he had a lot of money.
He said that he had been in California for ten years.
He said that he had met her a week before.
He said that he had met her on the previous day.
He said that he had told you to speak more slowly.
He said that he was busy then, but that he would be free the next day.
He said that he was going home the following day.
He said that he would be eighteen on his next birthday.
He said that he would call you later.
He said that he would come back here tomorrow.
He said that his father was ill, but it was a lie.
He said that if he knew her address, he would write to her.
He said that if he were there, he would help her.
He said the same thing over and over again.
He said the United States would not interfere.
He said two or three words and left.
He said, "So long, my friends," and left us.
He sat at the edge of the stream.
He sat at the head of the table.
He sat on a chair with his legs dangling.
He sat on the sofa with his arms folded.
He saved her at the cost of his own life.
He saved his friend at the risk of his own life.
He saved the boy at the risk of his own life.
He saved the drowning boy at the risk of his own life.
He saw himself as the savior of the world.
He saw suicide as the only way out.
He saw the accident on the way to school.
He saw there what he had dreamed about.
He says he has a bone to pick with you.
He says he is leaving the country for good.
He says he must get rid of the mice that are in the attic.
He says he wants to talk to you.
He says he's got to get to Vienna the day after tomorrow.
He says he's innocent, but they put him in jail.
He says his son can count up to 100 now.
He says that he enjoyed it very much.
He says that he has no memory of the evening.
He says that he has to go to Vienna the day after tomorrow.
He says that he saw nothing. However, I don't believe what he says is the truth.
He says that he wants to settle down.
He says what he thinks regardless of other people's feelings.
He screwed up his courage and proposed to her.
He scrunched down in his seat so that I wouldn't see him.
He searched the room for the lost key.
He seemed very surprised when I told him about it.
He seems like a respectable businessman, but he's really part of the Mafia.
He seems not to be aware of the conflict between my father and me.
He seems to be involved in that matter.
He seems to have been ill for a long time.
He seems to have no sense of humor.
He seems to know all about her past.
He seems to know nothing about the matter.
He seldom does anything he really hates to do.
He seldom reads an editorial and is not a book worm.
He seldom, if ever, goes to the movies.
He selected a pair of socks to match his suit.
He sent a letter addressed to his uncle.
He sent her some flowers, along with a pretty card.
He sent his son out to get the newspaper.
He sent his son to an English boarding school.
He sent me a letter saying that he could not see me.
He sent money to help care for her.
He sent out the parcel the day before yesterday.
He served in the House for twelve years.
He set a trap to catch the animal.
He set out to do something that had never been done before.
He set the alarm before going to bed.
He settled down in his armchair to listen to the music.
He shaves with an electric razor every morning.
He shot at the bird, but missed it.
He should apologize for being rude to the guests.
He should get to the office in an hour.
He should have the right to decide for himself.
He showed courage in the face of danger.
He showed courage in the face of great danger.
He showed his disapproval by raising an eyebrow.
He showed me a lot of beautiful photos.
He showed me how to make a cake.
He showed me how to use this camera.
He showed me the way to the store.
He shrank back in the face of danger.
He shuddered with horror at the grisly sight.
He sings so well that it's impossible to hold back tears.
He sits in this chair when he watches television.
He sized up the situation and acted immediately.
He slammed the door right in my face.
He sleeps during the day and works at night.
He slowly let the clutch out and drove off.
He smiled at me and got on the train.
He smokes like a chimney and drinks like a fish.
He snuck out to meet up with a girl.
He sometimes is absent from work without good cause.
He speaks as if he were an expert.
He speaks English as fluently as any student in his class.
He speaks English as if he were an American.
He speaks English with a strong German accent.
He speaks Japanese as if he were Japanese.
He spends all his time chatting online on Jabber.
He spends all his time extolling her virtues.
He spends his evenings in front of his laptop.
He spent a lot of money this weekend.
He spent all night cramming for the test.
He spent three years in jail for his crime.
He spoke for ten minutes without a pause.
He spoke in a broken English that was hard to understand.
He spoke of the people and the things that he had seen during his trip.
He spoke slowly enough for everyone to understand.
He spoke with a pipe in his mouth.
He spoke with a softness characteristic of southerners.
He squashed the insect with the heel of his foot.
He squeezed the toothpaste out of a tube.
He stared at her hand for a moment.
He stared at me from head to foot.
He stared at that detailed miniature model of a dinosaur.
He started learning English at the age of eleven.
He started to learn Spanish from the radio.
He stayed at a hotel for a couple of days.
He stayed at home all day instead of going out.
He stayed at my place for three weeks.
He stayed at the hotel for two days.
He stayed home from school because he wasn't feeling well.
He stayed in bed because he wasn't feeling well.
He stayed in his hotel most of the next day, talking to friends and supporters.
He stayed in New York for three weeks.
He stays a long time every time he comes.
He still comes to see me now and then.
He still drinks, but only once in a while.
He still hasn't returned the book he borrowed from the library.
He still says that he did nothing wrong.
He stood at the end of the line.
He stood by me whenever I was in trouble.
He stood close to her and tried to protect her from the typhoon.
He stood face to face with his enemy.
He stood on the edge of the cliff.
He stood up and took a deep breath.
He stood with his back to the wall.
He stopped to think which way to go.
He stressed the convenient aspects of city life.
He stretched out his arm for a magazine.
He stretched out his arm to take the book.
He struck a match, but quickly put it out.
He struck up friendships with the most unlikely people.
He stubbed out his cigar in the ashtray and stood up to leave.
He stuck the notice on the board with tacks.
He studied as hard as anybody in his class.
He studied hard in order to get into college.
He studied the scientists considered to be the most significant of the 19th century.
He studies ten hours a day on average.
He stuffed his laundry into a large bag.
He submitted his resignation in protest of the company's policy.
He succeeded in business at the cost of his health.
He suddenly hung up the phone while I was speaking.
He suggested that I accompany him to the party.
He suggested that I write to her at once.
He suggested that the meeting be put off till Monday.
He suggested that we go for a swim.
He suggested that we take a short rest.
He swam until he could swim no more.
He takes the attitude that resistance is a waste of energy.
He talks as if he knew the secret.
He talks as if he were a teacher.
He tapered off to one cigarette a day.
He taught me how to spell the word.
He taught me how to write a poem.
He tends to get angry when people oppose him.
He tends to shy away from anything that involves public speaking.
He testified that no money changed hands at the meeting.
He thanked the host for the very enjoyable party.
He that will steal an egg will steal an ox.
He thinks he is somebody, but really he is nobody.
He thinks of everything in terms of money.
He thinks of everything in terms of profit.
He thinks that blue is the most beautiful color.
He thinks that he is a great poet.
He thinks that his success is due to luck.
He thinks that they are not sentient beings.
He thought it over and decided not to go.
He thought that he could climb the mountain.
He thought that he would write something for the newspaper.
He thought that it would be interesting and fun.
He thought the matter over for three days.
He threw a stone at the big dog.
He threw away a bunch of old letters.
He tied his dog up to the tree while he went into the store.
He tied the world record for the hundred-meter breast-stroke.
He told his wife not to buy on impulse.
He told me about the accident as if he had seen it with his own eyes.
He told me he wanted to quit the company.
He told me he would go to Venice.
He told me not to drive too fast.
He told me not to wait for him.
He told me that he wanted to leave the company.
He told me that he would leave before long.
He told me that he would start the next day.
He told me that he would visit Nara next month.
He told me that his father was a teacher.
He told me that his father was dead.
He told me that his house was haunted.
He told me that I could use his car.
He told me that I looked pale and asked me what the matter was.
He told me that I should be more careful.
He told me that Poe's novels were interesting.
He told me that the book was interesting.
He told me that whatever might happen, he was prepared for it.
He told me the story of his life.
He told me to be here at noon.
He told me to be kind to others.
He told me to leave the window open.
He told me to meet him at his apartment.
He told me to meet him at his house.
He told me to meet him at the restaurant.
He told the children about his adventures in Africa.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
He told us he had gone through many hardships.
He told us such a funny story that we all laughed.
He took a coin out of his pocket.
He took a deep breath before entering his boss's office.
He took a look at the newspaper before going to bed.
He took a picture of the beautiful landscape.
He took a quick look at the magazine.
He took a room at the Yaesu Hotel.
He took a taxi in order not to miss the train.
He took advantage of every opportunity he had.
He took advantage of the good weather to do some gardening.
He took away what little money I had.
He took back what he had said about her.
He took care of the children while his wife was shopping.
He took charge of the arrangements for the party.
He took charge of the family business after his father died.
He took charge of the firm after his father's death.
He took his wallet out of his pocket.
He took off his coat and put it on again.
He took out a dollar from his wallet.
He took over the business after his father died.
He took over the business from his father.
He took pictures of me with his camera.
He took pity on me and helped me out.
He took the coat off because it was warm.
He took the eggs out one by one.
He took the job without giving it much thought.
He took the trouble to assist the poor man.
He took the video to a local TV station.
He tossed his dirty clothes on the floor.
He translated Homer from the Greek into English.
He translated the book from French into English.
He traveled with only a dog for company.
He treats me as if I were a stranger.
He tricked her into agreeing to his proposal.
He tried again and again, but didn't succeed.
He tried getting close to her using every means possible.
He tried getting closer to her using every possible means.
He tried harder to get good marks than I did.
He tried in vain to convince them of his innocence.
He tried in vain to lift up the stone.
He tried in vain to open the locked door.
He tried in vain to pull the wool over my eyes.
He tried in vain to solve the problem.
He tried to approach her using every possible means.
He tried to be brave while he was being held hostage.
He tried to behave as bravely as possible while he was being held hostage.
He tried to comfort her, but she kept crying.
He tried to get me to help him.
He tried to get rid of the ants.
He tried to give up smoking several times, but failed.
He tried to hide what was really going on.
He tried to make his wife happy, but he couldn't.
He tried to make his wife happy, but in vain.
He tried to make up for lost time.
He tried to pass himself off as a Frenchman, but his accent gave him away.
He tried to pull a fast one on me.
He tried to put the blame on me.
He tried to put the fragments of a broken vase together.
He tried to solve the problem, but had no luck.
He tried to talk to her time and time again.
He tried with all his might to lift the box.
He tried with all his might to push the door open.
He turned a deaf ear to their complaints.
He turned down her request for a day off.
He turned his back on the old tradition.
He turned his back on the old traditions.
He turned off all the lights at eleven.
He turned off the light and he went to bed.
He turned on the faucet and a jet of water came out.
He turned out to be nothing but a liar.
He turned over the business to his son.
He turned over the matter in his mind.
He turned pale the instant he saw her.
He turned pale when he heard that news.
He turned the bottle upside down and shook it, but still the honey wouldn't come out.
He turned the doorknob with his left hand.
He urged his government not to sign it.
He used a big piece of paper to make the bag.
He used a headache as an excuse for leaving early.
He used all his strength to crawl out of the wrecked car.
He used his hand to screen the sunlight from his eyes.
He used to eat out every day, but now he can't afford it.
He used to get up early when he was young.
He used to smoke, but now he doesn't.
He used to tell me stories about India.
He uses a pencil with a fine point.
He uses extreme care when he drives in the rain.
He uses foul language whenever he gets angry.
He uses the same dictionary as I do.
He usually fed his dog cheap dog food.
He usually goes to the park with his dog.
He usually goes to work at 8 a.m.
He usually looks through the newspapers before breakfast.
He visited his hometown for the first time in ten years.
He waited for several seconds and opened the door.
He waited for the elevator to come down.
He walked away with a sad look on his face.
He walked back and forth in the room.
He walked back and forth on the platform while waiting for the train.
He walked on tiptoe so that nobody would hear him.
He walked slowly so the children would be able to follow.
He wanted his ashes spread over the ocean after he died.
He wanted the cab driver to turn left.
He wanted to be a great military leader.
He wanted to know more about the flowers.
He wanted to know more about the trees, too.
He wanted to see a bullfight, but his father wouldn't let him go.
He wanted to see his boss in Tokyo before leaving for America.
He wants the most bang for his buck.
He wants to be a doctor in the future.
He wants to be a tennis player when he grows up.
He wants to get rid of his books.
He wants to get rid of the ants.
He wants to go to the United States.
He wants to pay back the money he owes.
He wants to spend time with his daughter.
He wants to spend time with his son.
He warned the children against playing in the street.
He warned us not to enter the room.
He was a brave warrior who had spent most of his life fighting his enemies.
He was a famous poet and a competent diplomat.
He was a former university professor and researcher.
He was a Frenchman. I could tell by his accent.
He was a fresh face in American politics.
He was a general in the Second World War.
He was a great poet as well as a doctor.
He was a member of the Republican Party.
He was about to apologize when the man punched him in the face.
He was about to fall asleep, when he heard his name called.
He was absent from school because he was sick.
He was absent from school for a week.
He was accused of having violated the law.
He was advanced to the rank of general.
He was afraid that he might hurt her feelings.
He was always annoyed in the city by noises of one sort or another.
He was always pulling my leg when we worked together.
He was always trying to provoke an argument.
He was an excellent scientist, and what is more, was a great poet.
He was angry because I wouldn't give him any help.
He was angry because of what she said.
He was angry that I had insulted him.
He was arrested as an accessory to the robbery.
He was ashamed of having done such a thing.
He was ashamed of the grades he got.
He was at a loss what to do.
He was at the front for three months.
He was at the wrong place at the wrong time.
He was at work till late at night.
He was aware of my presence but he did not greet me.
He was banished to an island for high treason.
He was born and brought up in Tokyo.
He was born in a small town in Italy.
He was born poor, but died a millionaire.
He was brave enough to go there alone.
He was busy getting ready for his journey.
He was busy when I called him up.
He was caught by an undercover police officer.
He was completely cleared of the charge against him.
He was covered all over with white paint.
He was covered in mud from head to foot.
He was covered with mud from head to foot.
He was curious about how it would taste, so he took a small bite.
He was dazed by a blow to the head.
He was deep in debt, and had to part with his house.
He was delighted to know I had passed the exam.
He was demoted to the rank of lieutenant.
He was destined never to meet her again.
He was destined to become a great musician.
He was determined to finish the work at any cost.
He was dismissed by the boss of the factory.
He was driving at over 120 kph when the accident happened.
He was driving the car at full speed.
He was eager to return to school in September.
He was eager to try on the blue shirt.
He was easily able to solve the problem.
He was egging an innocent young man on to join him in his crooked deal.
He was elected president with the overwhelming majority of votes.
He was elected to the Senate in the last election.
He was exiled to an island for the crime of high treason.
He was fed up with life in the city.
He was foolish enough to believe what she said.
He was forced to resign as prime minister.
He was found lying unconscious on the kitchen floor.
He was given a gold watch as a reward.
He was given the benefit of the doubt.
He was going to leave the house when she came.
He was groomed from a young age to take over the family business.
He was having lunch when I entered the room.
He was hit by a car and died instantly.
He was holding a large box in his arms.
He was holding a pen in his hand.
He was honest, strong, and willing to make decisions.
He was ignorant of the plot to assassinate him.
He was ill, so he lay in bed all day long.
He was in favor of equality for all.
He was in prison on a charge of robbery.
He was in the army for thirty years.
He was in the habit of taking a walk after supper.
He was in the habit of taking a walk before breakfast.
He was in the right place at the right time.
He was in time for the last bus.
He was just in time for the last train.
He was kind enough to lend me money.
He was kind enough to show me the way to the station.
He was kind enough to show me the way.
He was kind enough to take me to the hospital.
He was kind enough to tell me the truth.
He was known to everybody in the village.
He was late to the appointment due to a traffic accident.
He was left all alone in the woods.
He was listening to music in his room.
He was listening to the music in his room.
He was looking into the possibility of buying a house.
He was lying on his back on the beach.
He was mad at me because I broke up with him.
He was made to do it against his will.
He was making a speech, but he abruptly stopped speaking when he heard a strange noise.
He was making a speech, but he broke off when he heard a strange noise.
He was more loyal than I had guessed.
He was more surprised than I had expected.
He was moved to tears when he heard the news.
He was my best friend in high school.
He was my student. Now he teaches my children.
He was nearly hit by the car while crossing the street.
He was nearly run over at an intersection.
He was never to see his homeland again.
He was never to see his native land again.
He was never to see his wife and family again.
He was not able to do what he wanted.
He was not able to join in the discussion.
He was not at all satisfied with the result.
He was not conscious of his own mistake.
He was not conscious of my presence here.
He was one of the leaders of the revolution.
He was one of the unsung heroes of the revolution.
He was overwhelmed by the intensity of her love.
He was paroled after having served eleven years of his sentence.
He was playing football with an empty can.
He was poor and couldn't buy a coat.
He was promoted to colonel two years ago.
He was proud that he was selected by the people.
He was raised in the United States, but his native language is Japanese.
He was reading a book at that time.
He was respected both as a teacher and as a man.
He was robbed of his money on the street.
He was robbed when coming home late at night.
He was scared to admit that he didn't know.
He was scared when the monkey jumped at him.
He was scolded by his teacher for being lazy.
He was sent to prison for armed robbery.
He was sentenced to death by firing squad.
He was sentenced to three years in jail.
He was seriously injured in a traffic accident.
He was shot 3 times in the arm.
He was sick, but he went to school.
He was sick, so he couldn't attend the party.
He was silent for what seemed to me an hour.
He was sitting in the library when I saw him.
He was sitting there with a pipe in his mouth.
He was slightly injured in a traffic accident.
He was smiling as if nothing had happened to him.
He was so busy that he sent his son instead of going himself.
He was so confused that his answer did not make any sense.
He was so drunk that his explanation did not make sense.
He was so immature, he couldn't resist the temptation.
He was so kind as to help us.
He was so sad that he almost went mad.
He was so tired that he could hardly stand.
He was so tired that he fell right to sleep.
He was spreading mulch in the flower beds.
He was standing at the top of the mountain.
He was standing there with a vacant look.
He was still alive when the rescue party arrived.
He was still in his teens when he founded a company.
He was strong enough to help his father on the farm.
He was stunned and didn't know how to answer.
He was stupid enough to believe what she said.
He was surprised at the long-distance phone bill.
He was surprised at the sight of blood.
He was surprised to find the great artist's masterpiece hung on the wall upside down.
He was surprised to hear about the murder case.
He was surrounded by a throng of reporters.
He was suspended from school for a week for bad conduct.
He was taken care of by a certain young doctor.
He was taken care of by a young doctor.
He was terribly poor when he was young.
He was the first actor I had met in my life.
He was the first man I interviewed for the job.
He was the first man to climb Mt. Fuji in the winter.
He was the first man to cross the Pacific.
He was the kind of kid who was always showing off to his classmates.
He was the last person I expected to see.
He was the last person I had expected to see during my stay in America.
He was the most famous writer of his day.
He was the only one not invited to the party.
He was the only one who came to the party.
He was the only person to survive the fire.
He was the only witness of the accident.
He was the sort of man you could get along with.
He was tied to the tree with a rope.
He was tired so he went to bed.
He was tired, but he kept on working.
He was too feeble to do manual labor.
He was too frail to play games outdoors.
He was too proud to accept any reward.
He was too short to get at the grapes.
He was too tired to go any farther.
He was too tired to go any further.
He was too tired to walk any more.
He was too young to go to school.
He was unable to completely give up on his hopes of marrying her.
He was very angry with me when I forgot the appointment.
He was very hurt by her cruel words.
He was very kind to invite me to his birthday party.
He was very naughty when he was a little boy.
He was very scared when he saw this big snake.
He was very tall and thin, with long arms and legs.
He was very tall, so I recognized him at once.
He was walking in front of the car.
He was walking up the hill at a steady pace.
He was walking with a stick in his hand.
He was waylaid by a band of guerrillas.
He was weak from the loss of blood.
He was wearing a long black coat that reached almost to his ankles.
He was wise enough to take her advice.
He was wise not to participate in it.
He was working at the office yesterday evening.
He was worn out when he got home.
He was writing a letter while listening to music.
He wasn't at home when I called on him.
He wasn't earning a large salary when he retired.
He wasn't happy in spite of all his wealth.
He wasn't long in making up his mind.
He watched after the children as they were swimming.
He watched the horse race with his binoculars.
He wears expensive clothes and owns a lot of jewelry.
He went above and beyond the call of duty.
He went deaf as a result of an accident.
He went fishing in a river near the village.
He went for a swim in the lake every morning.
He went from Tokyo to Osaka by plane.
He went on reading the book as if nothing had happened.
He went on talking as though nothing had happened.
He went on to demonstrate how to use the machine.
He went out a little before five o'clock.
He went out for a walk with his dog.
He went out in spite of the rain.
He went out in spite of the storm.
He went out of his way to find the house for me.
He went out of the room without being noticed by anyone.
He went so far as to call me a liar.
He went through many hardships in his youth.
He went to America for the purpose of studying American literature.
He went to America to study American literature.
He went to art school to study painting and sculpture.
He went to Austria for the purpose of studying music.
He went to bed at eleven last night.
He went to bed because he was tired.
He went to Italy for the purpose of studying music.
He went to London, where he stayed for a week.
He went to New York as soon as he got the letter.
He went to Paris at the end of May.
He went to school only for a few years.
He went to see her in the hospital every other day.
He went to see her the other day.
He went to see her while she stayed in London.
He went to the airport to see her off.
He went to the bank and changed his money.
He went to the hardware store to get a shovel.
He went to the post office to mail the letter.
He went to the store to buy some oranges.
He went to the United States to study English.
He went to work in spite of his illness.
He went up to her and they shook hands.
He whittled the stick to a sharp point with his hunting knife.
He who is not satisfied with a little, is satisfied with nothing.
He who knows the most often says the least.
He who lives by the sword will die by the sword.
He who only has a hammer in his toolbox sees all problems as nails.
He who pays the piper, calls the tune.
He who sleeps with dogs gets up with fleas.
He who sleeps with dogs wakes up with fleas.
He who speaks the truth needs a swift horse.
He who thinks he has learned enough has learned nothing.
He will arrive by eight at the latest.
He will be angry to learn that she told a lie.
He will be back in a day or two.
He will be coming to the party, too.
He will be having dinner with her at this time tomorrow.
He will be here in half an hour.
He will be in time for the train.
He will be my deputy while I am away.
He will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law.
He will be waiting for you about two o'clock.
He will come back in a few days.
He will come back to Japan in the middle of May.
He will come to see us some day.
He will commit suicide if he can't see his son.
He will do his best to finish it on time.
He will explain it to you when he comes back.
He will get his job back at the next election.
He will go to New York next month.
He will go to the meeting instead of me.
He will have left here by the time you return.
He will have no chance of winning her heart.
He will have to go to the station.
He will have to undergo an operation next week.
He will leave for the station an hour before the train leaves.
He will look after the cats for me while I'm abroad.
He will look in on me again this afternoon.
He will make a business trip to London next week.
He will make my sister a good husband.
He will never give in even when he is wrong.
He will never live up to his parents' expectations.
He will not be able to do the work.
He will not change his mind in spite of my advice.
He will provide you with what you need.
He will soon be past playing with toys.
He will soon get used to the climate here.
He will take over the business when his father retires.
He will walk in the park this afternoon.
He winced as the nurse pushed the needle into his arm.
He wishes he had gone to the theater last night.
He witnessed the accident on his way to school.
He woke up in the middle of the night.
He won the election by a large majority.
He won the first prize at the chess tournament.
He wondered how many times the sun would rise before his salary would.
He wondered to himself why his wife had left him.
He won't be able to escape from there without a miracle, will he?
He won't be easily discouraged, because he's a tough guy.
He won't be in time for the meeting.
He won't talk to her and she won't talk to him.
He wore a mask so no one would recognize him.
He wore a mask so that no one could recognize him.
He wore a pullover sweater to keep from getting cold.
He worked all night so that he could get the job done in time.
He worked as a diplomat for many years.
He worked day and night so that his family could live in comfort.
He worked hard in order to pass the examination.
He worked hard in order to support his family.
He worked hard to provide for his family.
He worked hard to save up some money.
He worked so hard that he ruined his health.
He worked very hard, but could make little progress.
He works all night and he sleeps all day.
He works as a teacher, but actually he is a spy.
He works day and night to provide for his family.
He works for a big newspaper with a very large circulation.
He works on the farm from morning till night.
He works too slowly to be helpful to us.
He would be very glad to hear the news.
He would do whatever it takes to make money.
He would give an arm and a leg for that.
He would like to know whether you play chess.
He would like to take part in the competition.
He would like to take part in the contest.
He would not give it up without a struggle.
He would often come to see us when I was a child.
He would often sit for hours without doing anything.
He would rather go by train than by plane.
He would sit and look at the sea for hours.
He would sit for hours reading detective stories.
He would sooner die than get up early every morning.
He wouldn't allow me to drive his car.
He wouldn't let anyone interfere in his personal affairs.
He writes to his mother every now and then.
He writes to his parents once a month.
He writes to me less and less often these days.
He writes to me once in a while.
He wrote a book about his adventures in the jungle.
He wrote a book about the American Civil War.
He wrote a novel based on ancient myths.
He wrote her a long letter, which he didn't mail.
He wrote his comments in the margin of the composition.
He wrote this book at the age of twenty.
He wrote to me from time to time.
He yelled out an order to the soldiers.
He zones out in front of the TV for hours on end.
Heaven knows that we've done everything we can.
Heavy rains fell for more than a day.
Heavy snow delayed the train for several hours.
He'd be the last one to disappoint you.
He'll be back in two hours. In the meantime, let's prepare dinner.
He'll be groggy for another few hours until the drug wears off.
He'll be sure to smell a rat if I'm with you.
He'll have many hardships to go through in the future.
He'll never achieve anything unless he works harder.
He'll never show it, but I think that deep down, he's seriously worried.
He'll run out of luck sooner or later.
Hello! Fancy meeting you here! It's a small world, isn't it?
Help me hang this picture on the wall.
Help me move the table away from the wall.
Help me pick out a tie to go with this suit.
Help yourself to anything you'd like to eat.
Help yourselves. There's plenty more in the kitchen.
Helping others is never a waste of time.
Her ability to write with her foot is amazing.
Her account of the incident agrees with yours.
Her behavior at the party was far from perfect.
Her blue shoes go well with that dress.
Her book is famous not only in England but also in Japan.
Her business was started with capital of $2,000.
Her car might be more pleasant to drive, but it also costs her more for maintenance.
Her clothes were made of very cheap material.
Her coat was too casual for the occasion.
Her composition had no grammatical errors at all.
Her composition is very good except for a few errors in spelling.
Her condition took a turn for the worse last night.
Her daughter has what it takes to be a good teacher.
Her death was a great shock to me.
Her derogatory remarks towards her boss caused her to lose her job.
Her diaries formed the basis of the book she later wrote.
Her doctor wants to refer her to a specialist.
Her doll was run over by a car.
Her father became an invalid as a result of a heart attack.
Her father left her the house in his will.
Her father never let her go to town with her friends.
Her first appearance on the stage was in 1969.
Her friends waited for her by the gate.
Her genius makes up for her lack of experience.
Her girlish complexion belied the fact that she was over forty.
Her grandmother lived to be 88 years old.
Her gray hair makes her look older than her age.
Her hair was long enough to reach the floor.
Her hair was so long that it reached the floor.
Her hands are full taking care of the baby.
Her health has been declining these past months.
Her higher salary will allow her to live comfortably.
Her hopes were dashed when she heard the verdict.
Her house is at the foot of a mountain.
Her house is at the foot of the mountain.
Her house is on the other side of the bridge.
Her house was sold for ten thousand dollars.
Her husband also wanted custody of the children.
Her husband eats everything she puts in front of him.
Her husband has been in prison for three years.
Her husband is a member of the Oda family.
Her husband wants to have his own way in everything.
Her ideas on education are very different from mine.
Her job was to see the children safely across the street.
Her kindness gave me a lump in my throat.
Her mediation put an end to our quarrel.
Her mind is filled with dreams of becoming an actress.
Her mother has made her what she is.
Her mother is going to undergo a major operation next week.
Her mother lives in the country all by herself.
Her name is known all over the world.
Her new husband turned out to be a bad person.
Her new novel has become a best seller.
Her new novel will come out next month.
Her office is on the other side of the street.
Her one wish was to see her son again.
Her only desire is to see him again soon.
Her only wish was to see her son one last time.
Her passing the exam is a sure thing.
Her reputation was hurt a lot by this.
Her sewing basket, dresser drawers and pantry shelves are all systematically arranged in apple-pie order.
Her shyness makes me like her even more.
Her slurred speech was an indication that she was drunk.
Her son is a mama's boy. He has to be with her all the time.
Her son was killed in a traffic accident.
Her stern look got him to quit talking.
Her success as a singer made her famous.
Her technique is superb, but she needs to play with more expression.
Her unexpected visit got him all worked up.
Her unhappiness turned to bliss when she heard his voice.
Her voice could hardly be heard over the noise.
Her windows were broken and her shutters hung crookedly.
Her words were like those of an angel.
Here are your wages for the last month.
Here is a list of moderately priced restaurants.
Here is a list of things you should avoid eating.
Here is a present for you in token of our appreciation.
Here is our answer to your fax message dated April 1st.
Here is the book you are looking for.
Here. Take this with you. It might come in handy.
Here's a comfortable chair you can sit in.
Here's a list of people I want to invite to our wedding.
Here's a sample of the material I want.
Here's some money. Go buy yourself something to eat.
Here's something I want you to give to Tom.
Here's the map that you were looking for.
He's a different person when he's drunk, so I don't like to drink with him.
He's a man of his word, so you can count on him.
He's a regular at the bars and pubs around here.
He's a widower with three small children to take care of.
He's about the same age as you are.
He's already too far away to hear us.
He's an accredited representative of the Canadian government.
He's back from his travels in Central Asia.
He's been doing this for over twenty years.
He's been feeling a little on edge recently.
He's been passing off my ideas as his.
He's been sick in bed for four days.
He's been staying at that hotel since five days ago.
He's been trying to contact you for weeks.
He's been waiting here for a long time.
He's better at the piano than I am.
He's bulked up quite a bit since he's been going to the gym.
He's getting more and more stubborn with age.
He's going to go and lie down for a bit.
He's going to pay me back next week.
He's got a rap sheet as long as my arm.
He's got an uncle who works in a bank.
He's got the biggest eyebrows I've ever seen.
He's got what it takes to make it in the business world.
He's just not the person I thought he was.
He's just showing off in front of the girls.
He's much more into her than she is into him.
He's not in the least interested in what is happening in the world.
He's not lazy. On the contrary, I think he's a hard worker.
He's not smart enough to add numbers in his head.
He's not such a great writer and I think he knows it.
He's not sure he wants to do this.
He's not the brightest guy in the world.
He's not the same as he was before.
He's not the same man he used to be.
He's old enough to stand on his own feet.
He's on a diet because he is a little overweight.
He's only a couple of years younger than me.
He's racking his brains about how to deal with the matter.
He's resigned his position as chairman of the committee.
He's shy, and never speaks unless spoken to. You have to talk to him.
He's so thin that he looks like a skeleton.
He's somewhat hard of hearing, so please speak louder.
He's spending too much time on the computer.
He's studying hard so he can pass the entrance exam.
He's sure that he'll pass the next exam.
He's the last person I would ask help from, because he is completely unreliable.
He's the man that was here last week.
He's the most popular boy in the class.
He's the one who told me about that.
He's the only son of a wealthy family.
He's the prom king and she's the prom queen.
He's the type who doesn't worry about details.
He's very honest, so we can depend on him.
He's very honest, so we can rely on him.
He's very influential in the world of medicine.
He's very young. He's much younger than Tom.
Hey kid, get in line like everyone else.
Hey man, take it easy. I'm just messing with you.
Hey, can I talk to you for a second?
Hey, could I talk to you for a sec?
Hey, how do you get this thing open?
Hey, I may have no money, but I still have my pride.
Hey, wait a minute, are you thinking what I'm thinking?
Hi, my name is Tom. What's your name?
Hideo turned the steering wheel sharply to avoid the bicyclist.
High fructose corn syrup is found in about everything you eat these days.
Hikers need to carry a compass with them to find their way through the woods.
His absence gave birth to all sorts of rumors.
His advice encouraged me to try it again.
His apparent anger proved to be only a joke.
His aunt takes care of his dog during the day.
His aunt's apple pie was delicious and he had a second helping.
His autobiography was released today and was sold out by noon.
His bad leg prevented him from winning the race.
His bag is right here, so he cannot have gone to school yet.
His behavior at the party was so humorous that I could not help laughing.
His birthday just happens to be the same as mine.
His book begins with a tale of country life.
His boots and pants were covered with mud.
His brave action is worthy of a medal.
His brother had been a truck driver for thirty years.
His brother is more patient than he is.
His business has gone from bad to worse.
His business in New York was a great success.
His camera is three times as expensive as mine.
His car broke down on the way to work.
His car is small and takes up little room.
His car isn't here, so he must have gone.
His car spun out of control going around the curve.
His chances for making a great deal of money are excellent.
His colleagues gave him a present when he retired.
His cousin, whose name I forget, was a nurse.
His criticisms were aimed at the Japanese government.
His daughter and my son are good friends.
His daughter grew to be a beautiful woman.
His daughter, as well as his son, was famous.
His death was a great loss to our country.
His death was a great loss to our firm.
His decision to retire surprised all of us.
His decision to stay there was a surprise to all of us.
His doctor advised him to give up smoking.
His doctor told him not to drink alcohol.
His English is not bad, seeing that he has studied for only two years.
His essay was concise and to the point.
His face turned pale on hearing the news.
His failing the test is no laughing matter.
His failure has nothing to do with me.
His fake moustache started to peel off on one side.
His family and his doctor urged him not to go.
His family circumstances were such that he became a teacher out of necessity.
His family dates back to the seventeenth century.
His family has to live on his small income.
His family will be told of his death.
His father died, and to make matters worse, his mother fell ill.
His father had a good influence on him.
His father had died of cancer 10 years ago.
His father left him the house in his will.
His father passed away last night in the hospital.
His grandfather died of cancer a year ago.
His hair is black in color and long.
His health gradually changed for the better after he went to live in the countryside.
His health has been getting worse since the accident.
His height is a great advantage when he plays volleyball.
His high salary enabled him to live in comfort.
His hobbies are playing the guitar and singing.
His house is at the foot of Mt. Fuji.
His house is on the bank of the river.
His house is on the other side of the bridge.
His house is three times larger than mine.
His house is within a stone's throw of his school.
His house was broken into by burglars last week.
His house was sold for ten thousand dollars.
His ideas never earned him a single penny.
His ideas never earned him even one penny.
His income is now double what it was ten years ago.
His income is three times larger than mine.
His income is too small to support his family.
His intelligence and experience enabled him to deal with the trouble.
His job is to negotiate with foreign buyers.
His joke eased the tension in the room.
His joke made all the class burst into laughter.
His lack of technical knowledge kept him from being promoted.
His lackadaisical attitude to studying explains his poor grades.
His little brother is a famous soccer player.
His little sister is very cute, isn't she?
His long absences were starting to provoke suspicion.
His loss of memory is a psychological problem rather than a physical one.
His low salary prevents him from buying the house.
His main object in life was to become rich.
His manners are not those of a gentleman.
His mother died when he was eleven years old.
His mother has been running a drugstore for fifteen years.
His mother prevented him from going out because she was anxious about his health.
His mother sat up all night waiting for her son.
His name is known all over the country.
His name is known all over the world.
His name is known to everybody in this area.
His name is known to everybody in this country.
His name is known to everyone in our town.
His name is known to everyone in the town.
His name is on the tip of my tongue.
His name was on the tip of my tongue, but I couldn't remember it.
His new book is going to come out next month.
His new book met with a favorable reception.
His new novel is based on his own experiences.
His new novel will come out next month.
His niece is attractive and mature for her age.
His novels also appear in English and French.
His obscene remarks will be expunged from the record.
His office is on the other side of the street.
His official title is Director-General of the Environment Agency.
His old car is on its last legs.
His only wish was to see his son again one more time.
His only wish was to see his son one last time.
His parents helped whoever asked for their help.
His plane leaves for Hong Kong at 2:00 p.m.
His public support for the British government was unpopular.
His reason for not going is still unclear.
His record is a new world record in the 100-meter dash.
His recovery was nothing short of a miracle.
His remark has nothing to do with the subject.
His room is twice as large as mine.
His salary is double what it was seven years ago.
His salary is too low to support his family.
His sickness made it impossible for him to continue his study.
His son had been killed in a duel.
His son has what it takes to be a good doctor.
His son-in-law was transferred to an overseas branch.
His son's criminal activities caused him great pain.
His speech made a good impression on me.
His speech was brief and to the point.
His speech went on for such a long time that some people began to fall asleep.
His story is much more interesting than hers.
His story was so funny that everyone could not help laughing.
His story was too ridiculous for anyone to believe.
His success came of long years of perseverance.
His success was in part due to luck.
His success was largely due to good luck.
His success was mostly due to good luck.
His success was nothing short of a miracle.
His teeth are yellow from smoking too much.
His unique perspective helped shed light on the situation.
His visits became less frequent as time passed.
His warm way with people had made him hugely popular.
His way of thinking is a bit extreme.
His weight is double what it was ten years ago.
His wife being out, he cooked dinner for himself.
His wife goes with him wherever he goes.
His wife has started to work out of necessity.
His wife is in the hospital because she was injured in a car crash.
His wife is worn out after looking after the children.
His wife now had to take care of his grandfather, not to mention their two children.
Historical novels are a popular genre of literature.
History is replete with the stories of unappreciated genius.
Hokkaido is in the northern part of Japan.
Hokkaido is located in the northern part of Japan.
Hold on a second, I'll be right back. Don't hang up!
Hold on for a few minutes, will you?
Hold on tight, otherwise you will fall off.
Hold on. Just let me collect my thoughts.
Hold still a moment while I fix your tie.
Hold the microphone a bit further away from your mouth.
Honestly, I don't think you have what it takes to become a teacher.
Honesty is one of the most beautiful things in the world.
Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom.
Honesty is the first chapter of the book of wisdom.
Honesty is the primary reason for his success.
Hoover was born in the farm state of Iowa in 1874.
Hope of finding the child alive is fading rapidly.
Hopefully, the weather will be just like today.
Hopefully, Tom won't be as crazy as the rest of his family when he grows up.
Hot lemon with honey is a good remedy for colds.
Hot weather will continue, so please watch out for food poisoning.
Hot, dry areas will become hotter and drier.
Houses built with wood burn more easily than houses built out of stone.
How about a cup of tea or something, if you aren't in a hurry?
How about eating out this evening for a change?
How about going for a walk after lunch?
How about going to see a movie tonight?
How about going to see a movie with me?
How about going to the movies on Saturday?
How about having a barbecue party next Sunday?
How about having a drink after we finish our work today?
How about ice cream with chocolate sauce for dessert?
How about making me a cup of tea?
How about my showing you around the town?
How about starting again from the very beginning?
How about staying for dinner? I'm making a big pot of stew.
How about stopping the car and taking a rest?
How about you and I go for a walk?
How am I going to get out of here?
How am I going to get this done without your help?
How am I going to protect my children now?
How and when life began is still a mystery.
How are things going with your youngest sister?
How are we going to get enough food for everyone?
How are we going to pay for all this?
How are we going to pay the rent?
How are you able to remain so optimistic?
How are you getting along in your new job?
How are you going to deal with it?
How are you going to pay for that?
How are you going to pay for this?
How are you going to solve this problem?
How are you? Did you have a good trip?
How are you? I haven't seen you for ages!
How can anyone sleep with all this commotion going on?
How can I be sure that I'm making the right decision?
How can I deactivate my account on this site?
How can I ever make it up to you?
How can I extract the audio from a video clip?
How can I get in touch with you?
How can I get my dog to stop barking all the time?
How can I get my toddler to eat vegetables?
How can I get to the hospital by bus?
How can I get to the nearest post office?
How can I get to the police station?
How can I get to the zoo from here?
How can I get you to change your mind?
How can I know if a boy likes me?
How can I know if a girl likes me?
How can I lower my high blood pressure without medication?
How can I make a telephone call to Japan?
How can I make you change your mind?
How can I tell if a mushroom is poisonous?
How can I tell if I'm really in love?
How can I think about anything else at a time like this?
How can I upload a photo to your website?
How can something so wrong feel so right?
How can they just make up stuff like that?
How can we be sure of his honesty?
How can we break out of this vicious circle?
How can you avoid being bitten by a tick?
How can you be so passive? Why don't you retaliate?
How can you be so sure of that?
How can you be sure that's going to happen?
How can you eat at a time like this?
How can you make your way in life without a good education?
How can you put up with that guy?
How can you say such a foolish thing?
How can you suggest such a thing to me?
How can you tell an Englishman from an American?
How can you tell good English from bad English?
How can you treat your own mother like that?
How certain are you that he's a criminal?
How cold is it in Boston right now?
How come I've never seen you here before?
How come Mary is going on a picnic with him?
How come the guys I want never want me?
How come you didn't call me last night?
How come you didn't come to the party?
How come you don't know your own name?
How come you know so much about Japanese history?
How could he possibly think that would work?
How could you agree to doing that without consulting me?
How could you just walk out the door without saying goodbye?
How could you let something like that happen?
How could you not give me the message?
How could you not tell me about this?
How could you take that job without consulting me?
How dare you enter my house without permission!
How dare you say such things about me!
How dare you say such things about Tom!
How dare you show your face around here!
How dare you speak like that to me!
How dare you speak to me in that tone of voice!
How dare you speak to me in that tone!
How dare you speak to me like that!
How dare you speak to me that way!
How dare you talk that way in front of my wife!
How dare you talk to me like that!
How dare you talk to my son like that!
How dare you tell me what I should or shouldn't do!
How dare you to talk in that tone with me!
How dare you treat me like a criminal!
How did a convicted felon get a gun?
How did he react to the bad news?
How did it go at the job interview?
How did she come to know so much about fish?
How did she get to know so much about fish?
How did such a strange thing come about?
How did the railway accident at Tokyo Station happen?
How did they come by all that wealth?
How did Tom convince Mary to marry him?
How did Tom know where the treasure was buried?
How did we get into so much trouble?
How did we let things get to this point?
How did you become interested in studying languages?
How did you become involved in this project?
How did you change your clothes so fast?
How did you change your clothes so quickly?
How did you come by all this money?
How did you come by such a big sum of money?
How did you come by such a job?
How did you come by such a large sum of money?
How did you come by those rare books?
How did you come to hear of it?
How did you come to know about her?
How did you come to know one another?
How did you come up with such a good excuse?
How did you come up with such a good idea?
How did you come up with that answer?
How did you come up with the idea?
How did you come up with this crazy idea?
How did you do that without any help?
How did you end up being Tom's manager?
How did you ever get out of it?
How did you find out about what happened?
How did you find out it was my birthday?
How did you find out where Tom lives?
How did you first learn about our school?
How did you get a naked picture of me?
How did you get into this line of work?
How did you get out of your room?
How did you get so good at French?
How did you get such a large amount of money?
How did you get that bruise on your leg?
How did you get that scar on your chin?
How did you get those bruises on your legs?
How did you get to be a cop?
How did you get to know about her?
How did you get Tom to help you?
How did you get yourselves into this situation?
How did you happen to see them doing it?
How did you know I was going to say yes?
How did you know it was my birthday?
How did you know that I was going to say yes?
How did you know that man was a cop?
How did you know that today is my birthday?
How did you know that Tom wouldn't show up on time?
How did you know that Tom's passport was in the bottom drawer?
How did you know Tom had a dog?
How did you know Tom wouldn't show up on time?
How did you know Tom's passport was in the bottom drawer?
How did you know what I was going to say?
How did you know what I was thinking?
How did you know where to find me?
How did you know where to find us?
How did you know who to give that to?
How did you learn how to play the violin?
How did you learn to cook so well?
How did you learn to dance so well?
How did you learn to do a backflip?
How did you learn to speak French so well?
How did you make a living in Tokyo?
How did you manage to get Tom to help?
How did you reach such an interesting conclusion?
How did you spend all the money I gave you?
How did you spend all the money that I gave you?
How did you wind up doing this kind of work?
How did you wind up in that abandoned building?
How do I change my cell phone's ringtone?
How do I explain it so that everyone understands it?
How do I get a hold of you?
How do I get in touch with you?
How do I get out of this mess?
How do I get to the bus station?
How do I get to the train station?
How do I know if a girl is interested in me?
How do I know that you're not bluffing?
How do I know that you're not going to do that again?
How do I know that you're not going to try to kill me?
How do I know that you're telling the truth?
How do I know this isn't another one of your tricks?
How do I know you aren't going to do that again?
How do I know you didn't do it?
How do I know you'll keep your word?
How do I know you're not going to do that again?
How do I know you're telling the truth?
How do they expect me to do that?
How do they want to receive their money?
How do they wish to receive their money?
How do we find out what we need to know?
How do we get out of this situation?
How do we have to proceed in this case?
How do we know this isn't a trap?
How do we upload photos to your website?
How do you calculate the volume of a cube?
How do you come up with such interesting plots for your novels?
How do you console a woman who has just lost her only child?
How do you decorate your house for Christmas?
How do you drink your coffee, with or without sugar?
How do you eat like that without gaining weight?
How do you expect me to pay this?
How do you feel about the proposed changes?
How do you find the volume of a cylinder?
How do you get the most bang for the buck?
How do you help someone who doesn't want your help?
How do you know how deep the lake is?
How do you know how heavy it is?
How do you know how thick it is?
How do you know I didn't do it?
How do you know I don't have it?
How do you know I even want that job?
How do you know I'm not from here?
How do you know I'm not the one who did it?
How do you know it's not a trap?
How do you know light travels faster than sound?
How do you know so much about it?
How do you know so much about this?
How do you know that I didn't do it?
How do you know that I didn't do that?
How do you know that I don't have it?
How do you know that I even want that job?
How do you know that I'm not from here?
How do you know that light travels faster than sound?
How do you know that they're looking for us?
How do you know that Tom did it?
How do you know that Tom isn't a native speaker?
How do you know that you can trust Tom?
How do you know that you can't do it unless you try?
How do you know that you don't need a bodyguard?
How do you know they're looking for us?
How do you know those are real diamonds?
How do you know those guys won't try to kill us?
How do you know Tom isn't a native speaker?
How do you know what color it is?
How do you know which one is yours?
How do you know you can trust Tom?
How do you know you don't need a bodyguard?
How do you plan on paying for that?
How do you propose we solve this problem?
How do you punish your children when they misbehave?
How do you put up with all the noise?
How do you put up with that kind of humiliation?
How do you put up with the noise?
How do you remove red wine stains from your carpet?
How do you say "I love you" in French?
How do you say "thank you" in Japanese?
How do you take your coffee, with or without sugar?
How do you think I can convince her to spend more time with me?
How do you think it made me feel?
How do you think that makes me feel?
How do you think this passage would sound on the accordion?
How do you think we can help Tom?
How do you think we should be handling this?
How do you think you'd look wearing that dress?
How do you train a dog not to tug on its leash?
How do you usually decide what to eat?
How do you want me to do that?
How do you want me to handle that?
How do your female clients differ from your male clients?
How does it feel to be a mother?
How does it feel to be back home?
How does it feel to be Mrs. Tom Jackson?
How does Tom plan on paying for this?
How does Tom plan to pay for this?
How exactly am I supposed to do that?
How far away do you think that ship is?
How far can you stick your finger up your nose?
How far is it from here to the hotel?
How far is it from here to the museum?
How far is it from here to the next village?
How far is it from here to the park?
How far is it from here to the station?
How far is it from here to there?
How far is it from here to Tokyo?
How far is it from here to your school?
How far is it from New York to London?
How far is it from the airport to the hotel?
How hard is it to get a fake ID?
How hard is it to get a fake passport?
How has your weekend been going so far?
How I wished I could drive a car!
How in the world did you do such a thing?
How in the world did you find me?
How is it going in the fish market?
How is it that you can speak this language?
How is it that you know so much about Japanese history?
How is it that you're always so full of energy?
How is that question germane to what we're discussing?
How large is the population of New York City?
How long are we going to be stuck here?
How long are we just going to sit here?
How long are we supposed to keep this up?
How long are you going to be in Boston?
How long are you going to be seeing that loser of a boyfriend?
How long are you going to keep giving me the silent treatment?
How long are you going to stay here?
How long are you going to stay in Boston?
How long are you going to stay in Japan?
How long are you planning to stay here?
How long can you stand on one leg with your eyes closed?
How long can you survive buried in an avalanche?
How long did it take to do that?
How long did it take Tom to build the doghouse?
How long did it take you to decorate your Christmas tree?
How long did it take you to translate this book?
How long did it take you to write the report?
How long did it take you to write this report?
How long did you have to wait for the bus?
How long did you stay at the party?
How long did you stay in the city?
How long do I have to stay here?
How long do I have to stay in the hospital?
How long do I have to wait for delivery?
How long do I have to wait for the next bus?
How long do they wish to spend here?
How long do we have to do this?
How long do we have to stay here?
How long do we have to wait here?
How long do we need to wait here?
How long do you expect it to take?
How long do you get off for Christmas?
How long do you have to eat lunch?
How long do you plan on staying here?
How long do you plan to stay here?
How long do you plan to stay in Boston?
How long do you plan to stay in this country?
How long do you study English every day?
How long do you think it would take you to paint my house?
How long do you think the jury will take before they reach a verdict?
How long do you think the meeting will last?
How long does it take from here to the station?
How long does it take from here to Tokyo Station by car?
How long does it take from here to your house on foot?
How long does it take to get to Boston?
How long does it take to get to the beach?
How long does it take to get to the stadium?
How long does it take to get to the station?
How long does it take to get to the train station?
How long does it take to get to Vienna on foot?
How long does it take to go from here to the Hilton Hotel?
How long does it take to go there by bus?
How long does it take to go to the office from your home?
How long does it take to put on a turban?
How long does it take to the train station by taxi?
How long does it take to walk from here to the city hall?
How long does it take to walk from here to the station?
How long does it take to walk to the station?
How long does it take to walk to your house from here?
How long does it take to your office from the airport?
How long does it take you to get here from your house by train?
How long had you been sick before you saw the doctor?
How long has it been since you gave up teaching at that school?
How long has it been since you played with a yo-yo?
How long has it been since you received a letter from him?
How long has it been since you saw your girlfriend?
How long has it been since your divorce?
How long has it been since you've had a girlfriend?
How long has it been since you've seen Tom?
How long has it been since you've seen your boyfriend?
How long has your tongue been that color?
How long have you already spent in Australia?
How long have you and your girlfriend been together?
How long have you been a doctor here?
How long have you been in this country?
How long have you been in this town?
How long have you been living on Park Street?
How long have you been living on this island?
How long have you been out of prison?
How long have you been planning this wedding?
How long have you been playing the drums?
How long have you been using this toothbrush?
How long have you been waiting for me?
How long have you been waiting for the bus?
How long have you been with your girlfriend?
How long have you had this wart on your hand?
How long have you two been going out?
How long have you two been seeing each other?
How long is he going to stay in Japan?
How long will it take me to finish my homework?
How long will it take me to walk to the station?
How long will it take to finish the work?
How long will it take to get there?
How long will it take us to get to Boston?
How long will it take you to paint my house?
How long will this cold weather go on?
How long will Tom have to be in the hospital?
How long will you be at your aunt's house?
How long will you stay with your aunt?
How long would it take me to get to where you are?
How long would it take to swim across the river?
How long would it take us to walk there?
How lucky we are to have had the opportunity to work with you!
How many apples do you want me to buy?
How many audiobooks do you have on your iPod?
How many audiobooks do you have on your mobile MP3 player?
How many aunts and uncles do you have?
How many bales of hay can your truck carry?
How many books are there on the table?
How many books can I take out at one time?
How many books do you have in your bag?
How many books do you read a month?
How many books do you read per month?
How many bowls of rice did you eat?
How many boxes did you unload from the truck?
How many boys are there in the room?
How many boys are there in this class?
How many boys are there in your class?
How many brothers and sisters do you have?
How many cans of beer have you drunk?
How many cars have you owned so far?
How many children are playing in the park?
How many Christmas cards did you get last year?
How many Christmas cards did you receive last year?
How many Christmas cards did you send last year?
How many Christmas cards did you write last year?
How many Christmas carols can you sing by heart?
How many Christmas presents did you get this year?
How many Christmas presents did you give this year?
How many churches are there in this city?
How many classes do you have on Monday?
How many classes do you have on Mondays?
How many coins do you have in your coin collection?
How many combat situations have you been in?
How many computers have you had so far?
How many concerts did you go to last year?
How many cups of coffee did you drink today?
How many cups of coffee do you drink a day?
How many days are there in a leap year?
How many days are there in a week?
How many days are you planning to stay?
How many days do you plan to stay?
How many days does a leap year have?
How many days does it usually take to get there?
How many days will it take if I send this as registered mail?
How many different kinds of pizzas are on the menu?
How many different pieces are there in Japanese chess?
How many dolls did you have when you were a little girl?
How many ears of corn did you buy?
How many eggs are there in the fridge?
How many eggs are there in the kitchen?
How many eggs were you able to get yesterday?
How many engineers took part in the conference?
How many fish can you keep in your tank?
How many flights to Tokyo do you offer a day?
How many friends do you have in Boston?
How many galaxies are there in the universe?
How many girls are there in this picture?
How many hot dogs have you sold today?
How many hotels do you think there are in Boston?
How many hours a day do you spend in your office?
How many hours a day do you swim?
How many hours a day do you watch TV?
How many hours a day does she spend in the kitchen?
How many hours a day does Tom swim?
How many hours a week do you work?
How many hours did you sleep last night?
How many hours did you work this week?
How many hours of sleep do most people need?
How many hours of sleep do you need?
How many idioms have we studied so far?
How many instruments do you know how to play?
How many kinds of vegetables do you grow in your garden?
How many languages are there in the world?
How many letters are there in the English alphabet?
How many letters does the Russian alphabet have?
How many medals did the Japanese athletes collect?
How many men named Tom do you know?
How many meters are there in a kilometer?
How many minutes does it take to get to the JR station on foot?
How many mistakes have you found so far?
How many more days are there until Christmas?
How many novels did you read last year?
How many of Shakespeare's tragedies have you read?
How many of the words on this list do you know?
How many of the words on this list do you not know?
How many of the words on this list don't you know?
How many of them survived is not known.
How many of these things have you made?
How many of you are there at the base?
How many of you drink coffee every day?
How many packs of cigarettes do you smoke daily?
How many pairs of shoes do you have?
How many pairs of socks do you have?
How many payments will it take to pay off this loan?
How many pennies does it take to make one pound?
How many pens are there on the desk?
How many people are likely to show up?
How many people are on board the ship?
How many people are there in the picture?
How many people are you planning on inviting?
How many people can fit in your car?
How many people did you buy Christmas presents for this year?
How many people did you invite to your party?
How many people did you see in the park?
How many people do you need for a rugby game?
How many people do you plan to invite?
How many people do you think die from cancer every year?
How many people do you think there'll be?
How many people do you think we should invite to our party?
How many people does it take to change a lightbulb?
How many people gave you Christmas presents this year?
How many people have applied for that job?
How many people want to go swimming with us?
How many people were killed in the accident?
How many people were killed in the store?
How many people were present at the meeting?
How many pieces of baggage do you have?
How many pillows do you use when sleeping?
How many proverbs have we learned so far?
How many push-ups do you do every day?
How many rooms are there in your house?
How many rooms are there on the second floor of your house?
How many slices of meat would you like?
How many slices of pizza did you eat?
How many songs did Tom and Mary sing together?
How many spoonfuls of sugar do you usually put in your tea?
How many students are there in the school?
How many students are there in your class?
How many students are there in your university?
How many students have been admitted to the school this year?
How many suicides do you think there are every year in Japan?
How many times a day do you drink water?
How many times a day do you eat?
How many times a day do you feed your dog?
How many times a day do you look at yourself in the mirror?
How many times a day should I feed my dog?
How many times a minute does the average person blink?
How many times a month do you wash your car?
How many times a month do you write a letter to your mother?
How many times a week do you do that?
How many times a week do you eat out?
How many times a week do you eat rice?
How many times a week do you go shopping at a supermarket?
How many times a week do you spend time doing fun stuff with your children?
How many times a week do you take a bath?
How many times a week does the soccer team practice?
How many times a year do you go skiing?
How many times a year do you go to the dentist?
How many times are you going to ask me that question?
How many times did you help Tom do that?
How many times did you see the movie?
How many times did you talk to Tom last week?
How many times do I have to ask you to put your laundry in the basket?
How many times do I have to repeat that she isn't my friend?
How many times do I have to say it?
How many times do I have to say that?
How many times do I have to tell you not to eat candy just before dinner?
How many times do I have to tell you?
How many times do I need to repeat it?
How many times do we have to do this?
How many times do you have to go to the dentist?
How many times do you think you've eaten here?
How many times have I told you not to use that word?
How many times have I told you to fold your clothes?
How many times have you been to Europe?
How many times have you lied to me?
How many tractors did you sell last week?
How many ways are there to do that?
How many weeks of vacation do you have?
How many women have you talked to since you got out of prison?
How many years did it take to build the pyramids?
How many years did it take you to do that?
How many years did Tom spend in Boston?
How many years has it been since I last saw you?
How many years has it been since you've had a girlfriend?
How many years have you been working here?
How much are we going to get paid?
How much are you being paid to do this?
How much aspirin can I give my dog?
How much did it cost you to get to Boston?
How much did they charge you to do that?
How much did they give you for your old car?
How much did Tom have to pay for parking?
How much did you charge Tom to fix his car?
How much did you get out of the deal?
How much did you have to pay for the tickets?
How much did you pay for the dress?
How much did you pay for this skirt?
How much did you pay for those shoes?
How much did you spend on Christmas gifts this year?
How much did you spend on Christmas presents?
How much do I owe you for the cup of coffee?
How much do I owe you for the ticket?
How much do you charge for a one-hour lesson?
How much do you charge for gift wrapping?
How much do you charge to fix a flat tire?
How much do you get paid to do that?
How much do you know about artificial intelligence?
How much do you spend on food every month?
How much do you think I can get for my kidney?
How much do you think it's all worth?
How much do you think this is worth?
How much do you want to be paid?
How much does a cup of coffee cost here?
How much does a first class ticket cost?
How much does a kilo of mozzarella cost?
How much does a meter of that red silk cost?
How much does a six-pack of beer cost?
How much does it cost to get in?
How much farther do we have to go?
How much further do we have to go?
How much gasoline is left in the tank?
How much heroin or methadone do you usually use per day?
How much is a round-trip ticket to Boston?
How much is all this going to cost?
How much is it going to cost me?
How much is it including insurance and tax?
How much is that going to cost me?
How much is the car that you're planning to buy?
How much is the car you are planning to buy?
How much is the fare to the Hilton Hotel?
How much is this going to cost me?
How much kerosene is left in the tank?
How much longer are we going to wait?
How much longer do we have to stay here?
How much longer do you suggest we devote to this?
How much longer do you think it'll be until it starts raining?
How much longer is it going to take?
How much longer is that going to take?
How much longer is this going to take?
How much longer is this storm going to last?
How much longer will I have to stay in the hospital?
How much longer will we have to wait?
How much money did you spend in total?
How much money did you spend last week?
How much money did you spend on clothes last year?
How much money did you spend on your car?
How much money did you spend on your last holiday?
How much money do you have in your pockets right now?
How much money do you have on you right now?
How much money do you have on you?
How much money do you have saved up?
How much money do you have with you right now?
How much money do you spend on textbooks per semester?
How much money does he make a month?
How much money does Tom need to borrow?
How much money have you made so far?
How much more does it cost to return the rental car to another location?
How much oil is spilled into the ocean every year?
How much rent do you pay for the apartment?
How much thinner do you want to be?
How much time and energy do you spend on projects that don't make you any money?
How much time are you going to stay in Boston?
How much time did you spend doing research before you started writing?
How much time do I have to answer?
How much time do we have before dinner?
How much time do we have to finish this?
How much time do you actually spend thinking about the future?
How much time do you spend on Facebook?
How much time do you spend shaving every day?
How much time do you spend watching TV every day?
How much time do you spend with your spouse?
How much time do you think is needed to do that?
How much time does she need to translate this book?
How much time does the average teenager watch TV every day?
How much time have you spent in Boston?
How much water does it take to fill up your swimming pool?
How much water does it take to fill your swimming pool?
How much weight do you want to lose?
How much were you paid to say that?
How much will it cost to get to the airport?
How much will Tom have to pay for it?
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
How much would you want to pay for the tour?
How often and how much should I feed my dog?
How often do you change your razor blade?
How often do you go to the beach?
How often do you have to see the dentist?
How often should I change the cat litter?
How old is the oldest person you know?
How old was she when she got married?
How old was Tom when he started talking?
How old were you when you did that?
How old were you when you first did that?
How old were you when you got married?
How old were you when you learned to swim?
How old were you when you learned to write your name?
How old were you when you moved to Boston?
How old were you when you started studying French?
How old were you when you stopped believing in Santa Claus?
How old were you when your family moved to Boston?
How old were you when your father was killed?
How on earth can you speak that language?
How pretty she looks in her new dress!
How soon can you get to my house?
How soon can you have this dress ready?
How tall are you, and how much do you weigh?
How tall do you think my daughter will be in three years?
How thoughtful of you to have chilled some wine for us.
How to meet future energy demand is a big question we must consider.
How to overcome the high value of the yen is a big problem.
How was I dressed then? Do you remember?
How will we feed everyone if the world's population keeps rising?
How would you deal with an irate customer?
How would you feel if someone did that to you?
How would you feel if your wife left you?
How would you like it if I hit you?
How would you like your coffee, black or with cream?
How would you reword this sentence to make it sound more natural?
How would you translate this phrase into French?
How would you translate this sentence into French?
However hard I try, I can't do it any better than she can.
However hard you try, you can't finish it in a day.
However hard you try, you can't finish it in a week or so.
Huge numbers of soldiers and civilians were killed.
Human beings differ from animals in that they can think and speak.
Human beings differ from other animals in that they can speak and laugh.
Human beings, whether they realize it or not, continually seek happiness.
Human greed is threatening the existence of many species.
Humans are the only animals that wear clothes.
Humans are the only living creatures that make use of fire.
Humans aren't the only animals that use tools.
Hummer limousines are the ultimate symbol of conspicuous consumption.
Hundreds of people were waiting outside the ticket office.
Hundreds of soldiers ate in silence around their campfires.
Hundreds of thousands of people were out of work.
Hundreds of unemployed men sleep there day and night.
Hurry up and bring me something to drink.
Hurry up and you can still catch your train.
Hurry up! If you don't, we'll be late.
Hurry up! The train is about to leave.
Hurry up, and you will be in time for the bus.
Hurry up, or you will be late for the last train.
Hurry up, or you will miss the last train.
Hurry up, or you will miss the train.
Hurry up, or you'll be late for school.
Hurry up, otherwise you'll be late for lunch.
Hurry up. The train leaves in ten minutes. We don't want to miss it.
Hurry! We don't have a lot of time.
Huskies get along well with children and other dogs.
Hydrocarbon exploration has ceased with declining oil prices.
I absolutely cannot fathom why you bought that ridiculously expensive car.
I absolutely must know what you're planning to do.
I accidentally kicked a large rock and broke my toe.
I actually think it's a very good idea.
I added Tom's family name to the list.
I admire people who express their opinions frankly.
I admit he's smart, but does he have to talk over everyone's heads all the time?
I admit I did what Tom told me not to do.
I admit I didn't do what I was supposed to do.
I admit that at first I didn't like you.
I admit that I didn't do what Tom told me to do.
I admit that I was a little drunk.
I admit that there are a few problems.
I admit this may not be the best way of doing it.
I advise you never to live beyond your income.
I advise you not to borrow money from your friends.
I advise you not to help Tom anymore.
I advise you to listen to your doctor.
I advise you to try to speak more slowly.
I advised her to catch a morning train.
I advised him not to spend all his money on food.
I advised him to come back at once.
I agree completely with you on this point.
I agree with the opinion that real estate is overpriced.
I agree with what you say to some extent.
I agree with you that we need more women in this company.
I agree with you that we should try again.
I agree with you to a certain extent.
I agree with your interpretation to a large extent.
I agreed to help him in his work.
I agreed to split the money with Tom.
I aim to be a doctor when I grow up.
I allowed her to go to the party.
I allowed Tom do that anytime he wanted to.
I almost always do that in the afternoon.
I almost always go to bed before midnight.
I almost always take a shower in the morning before going to school.
I almost did what you're accusing me of, but I didn't.
I almost died a year and a half ago.
I almost dropped my cellphone into the pool.
I almost forgot that it was his birthday.
I almost forgot to pay my bills last month.
I almost forgot to tell Tom about the party.
I almost forgot to tell you how to do it.
I almost forgot to tell you the big news.
I almost got hit by a car today.
I almost left my umbrella in the train.
I almost stepped on a skunk last night.
I almost wish I could be in your shoes.
I already feel like things are getting better.
I already know quite a bit about you.
I already know what I need to do.
I already know what I wanted to know.
I already know what Tom wants to tell me.
I already know what you're going to say.
I already sent an email to the support team.
I already told Tom what I want to buy.
I already told you that a hundred times.
I already told you, I'm not the one who did it.
I already took the pies out of the oven.
I also gave him a little something as a Christmas present the other day.
I also lived in Boston for three years.
I also use this study for receiving guests.
I always arrive a little ahead of time.
I always brush my coat when I come home.
I always buy fresh vegetables instead of frozen ones.
I always carry a bottle of mineral water with me.
I always cry when I see this picture.
I always drink a glass of milk before going to bed.
I always drink a glass of milk before going to sleep.
I always drop in at her house when I go to Tokyo.
I always eat junk food when I'm depressed.
I always eat something before going to school.
I always end up looking up the same words in the dictionary.
I always enjoy listening to classical music when I have some free time.
I always got up early in my childhood.
I always have a couple of beach towels in my car.
I always have a good supply of tissues in my pockets.
I always have a look at the newspaper before breakfast.
I always have a lot of fun when I come here.
I always have an ace up my sleeve.
I always have an eraser, a pencil and a pen in my pencil case.
I always have difficulty in making myself understood.
I always have to give in to him.
I always have to wear a tie because of my job.
I always have two cups of coffee in the morning.
I always keep a dictionary close at hand.
I always knew that that was what you wanted.
I always knew that was what you wanted.
I always knew you were a nice guy.
I always list what I need before I go shopping.
I always make it a point to paint things as they are.
I always rely on him in times of trouble.
I always rest for an hour after dinner.
I always spend Christmas Day with my parents.
I always start my day with a cup of coffee.
I always stretch my leg muscles before playing tennis.
I always take a bath before going to bed.
I always take a bath in the morning.
I always think of him when I'm alone.
I always thought that Tom would become a teacher.
I always thought this would be the right thing to do.
I always thought Tom and Mary would get married.
I always thought you'd make a cute couple.
I always travel with travelers' checks instead of cash.
I always try to avoid situations like this.
I always try to give everyone the benefit of the doubt.
I always watch the weather report before going out in the morning.
I always wear a helmet when I ride my bicycle.
I always wear a watch so I know what time it is.
I always wear an overcoat when its cold.
I always wear boots when it rains or snows.
I always wear my helmet when I ride my motorcycle.
I always wondered what was in your attic.
I always work alone. I'm just not a team player.
I am a member of the baseball team.
I am a member of the basketball team.
I am a member of the sales department.
I am able to swim across the river.
I am about as big as my father now.
I am accustomed to eating this sort of food.
I am afraid he will make a mistake.
I am afraid I must be going now.
I am afraid it will rain in the afternoon.
I am afraid of what the teacher will say.
I am afraid that he might get hurt.
I am afraid that you will get lost.
I am afraid they can't get along very well.
I am afraid things will take a turn for the worse.
I am afraid you have the wrong number.
I am afraid your plan will not work.
I am all alone in a foreign country.
I am allowed to swim in the river.
I am almost scared to talk with you.
I am ashamed of having been rude to her.
I am at the end of my patience.
I am badly in need of your help.
I am bound to him by a close friendship.
I am busy now and can't go out.
I am busy preparing for the next exam.
I am calling to make an appointment with you.
I am certain that he will pass the exam.
I am certain that he will quit his job.
I am certain that you have noble thoughts.
I am convinced that my son is innocent.
I am convinced that things will change for the better.
I am counting on you to deliver the opening address.
I am counting on you to give the opening address.
I am deeply grateful to you for your kindness.
I am determined to carry out this plan.
I am excited at the prospect of seeing her.
I am familiar with this part of town.
I am far from satisfied with the result.
I am fed up with his vulgar jokes.
I am fed up with this wet weather.
I am Finnish, but I speak also Swedish.
I am fond of soccer, rugby, football, and so on.
I am forbidden to stay out after 10 o'clock.
I am free till 6 o'clock this evening.
I am given a monthly allowance of fifty thousand yen.
I am glad to run into you here.
I am going to a concert next week.
I am going to buy a new car.
I am going to do it whether you agree or not.
I am going to go to America next year.
I am going to have a great day today.
I am going to introduce you to the rest of the crew.
I am going to leave my present job.
I am going to make him a serious offer.
I am going to my room, where I can study.
I am going to start a new job next week.
I am going to stay here for a couple of days.
I am going to study English this afternoon.
I am going to take two days off next week.
I am going to the park this afternoon.
I am going to the post office to buy stamps.
I am going to watch TV this evening.
I am going to work out the problem by myself.
I am going to write a letter tomorrow.
I am grateful to you for inviting me to the party.
I am grateful to you for your help.
I am grateful to you for your kindness.
I am happy to have so many good friends.
I am happy to notify you that I have fully recovered.
I am having trouble with one thing after another.
I am hungry because I did not eat breakfast.
I am hungry because I did not eat lunch.
I am hungry because I did not have breakfast.
I am impressed by your recent advertisement in the New York Times.
I am in a bind as my money has been stolen.
I am in agreement with most of what he says.
I am in charge of the third-year class.
I am in no position to do anything about it.
I am in the habit of going for a walk before breakfast.
I am in the habit of taking a shower in the morning.
I am interested in the cello and the piano.
I am just dying for a Coke right now.
I am learning to play the guitar now.
I am leaving town for a few days.
I am looking for a book about medieval Spain.
I am looking for a job near my house.
I am looking for a part-time job so I can buy a new video camera.
I am looking for a present for my mother.
I am looking for room with twin beds.
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon.
I am looking forward to seeing you again soon.
I am lost. Can you help me, please?
I am married and I have two sons.
I am more than grateful to you for your help.
I am much obliged to you for your help.
I am no longer young, but I can still bite.
I am not a doctor, but a teacher.
I am not about to pay ten dollars.
I am not accustomed to making speeches in public.
I am not accustomed to speaking in public.
I am not accustomed to walking long distances.
I am not always at home on Sundays.
I am not any more foolish than you are.
I am not any more to blame than you are.
I am not as interested in literature as you.
I am not convinced that this is the case.
I am not going to take this lying down.
I am not in the least afraid of dogs.
I am not pleased with what you have done.
I am not rich, nor do I wish to be.
I am not so foolish as to lend him money.
I am not sure how to pronounce the word.
I am not sure whether I will be able to come with you.
I am not sure, but I think I want to be a teacher.
I am not the captain of the new team.
I am not the person I used to be.
I am not used to being spoken to in that rude way.
I am not used to drinking coffee without sugar.
I am of the opinion that she is right.
I am of the opinion that this is the way to do it.
I am on our high school soccer team.
I am only too glad to help you with your work.
I am planning to go to Europe next week.
I am proud to be a part of this project.
I am really pleased with my new car.
I am so busy that I can't help you.
I am so sorry to have kept you waiting.
I am so tired that I can hardly walk.
I am so tired that I can't study.
I am sorry that I haven't written to you in such a long time.
I am sorry that my friend is not here.
I am sorry to cancel the appointment at the last minute.
I am sorry to have kept you waiting so long.
I am sorry. I am not from here.
I am starting the year as sick as a dog.
I am staying at the hotel for the time being.
I am studying to be a translator or interpreter.
I am sure I can get in touch with him by telephone.
I am sure of his passing the examination.
I am sure of his winning the speech contest.
I am sure of winning the tennis match.
I am sure that he is an honest man.
I am sure that he will become a great singer.
I am sure that she will become a great singer.
I am sure that you will be satisfied.
I am sure we have a lot in common.
I am surprised by a lot of the things he does.
I am surprised that she refused such a good offer.
I am surprised to see you here in this hotel.
I am taking a couple of days off.
I am taking a holiday at the beach.
I am taking my son to the zoo this afternoon.
I am thankful for the food I eat.
I am the first musician in my family.
I am thinking about buying a new parasol.
I am thinking of closing my savings account.
I am thinking of going abroad next year.
I am thinking of going to the mountains.
I am thirsty. I would like to have a cup of coffee.
I am tired and I want to go to bed.
I am tired of hearing the same thing so often.
I am tired of hearing you moan and groan.
I am tired of listening to his long speech.
I am to take over my father's business.
I am too tired to keep on walking.
I am too tired to walk any more.
I am unable to agree on that point.
I am uncertain as to whether I am the right person for the job.
I am unfamiliar with the customs of this country.
I am up to my neck in work.
I am used to staying up late at night.
I am very glad to be out of high school.
I am very glad to meet you today.
I am very grateful to you for your advice.
I am very happy that you have agreed to that plan.
I am very happy to hear about your engagement.
I am very lucky to have friends who care about me.
I am very much obliged to you for your help.
I am very pleased to hear the news.
I am very sorry for what I said.
I am very sorry to inform you that she died.
I am very surprised that she became a Diet member.
I am very thankful to you for your advice.
I am very tired from the hard work.
I am waiting for the store to open.
I am what I am today thanks to my parents.
I am wondering if I could be of any service to you.
I am working full-time at a bookshop until the end of September.
I am writing a draft of the speech.
I am writing to you on behalf of my mother.
I answered your questions. Now let me ask you a few.
I apologize for any problems I may have caused.
I apologize for coming by at such a late hour.
I apologize for not writing to you before.
I apologize for the delay in sending the agenda.
I apologized for having been late for school.
I appeal to you to contribute to the new clinic.
I applied for a job as a lifeguard at the community pool.
I appreciate all the help I can get.
I appreciate everything Tom has done for us.
I appreciate the offer, but I can't accept it.
I appreciate the offer, but I can't accept.
I appreciate what you are trying to do.
I appreciate what you're doing, but I don't think it'll help.
I appreciate you taking the time to help.
I appreciate you trying to cheer me up.
I appreciate your answering my enquiry so promptly.
I appreciate your taking the time to see me.
I arranged for a car to meet you at the airport.
I arrived at the bus stop just after the bus left.
I arrived at the stadium at 4:00 p.m., but the game had already started.
I arrived at the station ten minutes late.
I arrived here a few minutes before you.
I arrived late, so I didn't hear everything.
I arrived too late and missed the train.
I arrived too late to hear his speech.
I as well as my brother am to blame.
I asked a friend of mine to help us.
I asked for a seat in the non-smoking section.
I asked for a seat in the no-smoking section.
I asked for a seat in the smoking section.
I asked her if she could go to the party.
I asked her to call me at five o'clock.
I asked her to go to a movie with me.
I asked her to make four copies of the letter.
I asked her to marry me and she accepted.
I asked her to pick me up around four.
I asked her to slowly read off the numbers on the meter.
I asked him if he knew her address.
I asked him if he knew my name.
I asked him if he wanted a watch.
I asked him if he would help me.
I asked him if he would return soon.
I asked him if I could read his book.
I asked him not to drive so fast.
I asked him not to play the piano late at night.
I asked him to be here by six.
I asked him to lend me some money.
I asked him to make four copies of the letter.
I asked him to slowly read off the numbers on the meter.
I asked him where I could park my car.
I asked him where I should park my car.
I asked my boss for a pay increase.
I asked my boss for a pay raise.
I asked my brother to repair my bicycle.
I asked my father to buy this toy.
I asked my mother if breakfast was ready.
I asked my mother to wake me up at four.
I asked my mother what to bring there.
I asked my son what he really wanted.
I asked my teacher what I should do next.
I asked my teacher what to do next.
I asked the boy to throw the ball back.
I asked the butcher to trim all the fat off of the meat.
I asked the butler to serve us some coffee.
I asked the lawyer to make out my will.
I asked the stranger what his name was.
I asked the stranger where he was from.
I asked the villagers many times to let me die.
I asked Tom if he knew anybody who taught French.
I asked Tom if he needed more money.
I asked Tom if he would go, too.
I asked Tom if I could play his guitar.
I asked Tom if I could talk to him in private.
I asked Tom if I could use his computer.
I asked Tom not to tell Mary about that, but he did anyway.
I asked Tom to come yesterday, but he didn't come.
I asked Tom to explain what he meant.
I asked Tom to go to the supermarket and buy some bread.
I asked Tom to help me with my homework.
I asked Tom to keep an open mind.
I asked Tom to lend me some money, but he refused.
I asked Tom to stay in the house.
I asked Tom to stay out of it.
I asked Tom what he wanted for Christmas.
I asked Tom what he wanted to do.
I asked Tom who his French teacher was.
I asked Tom why he had never gotten married.
I asked Tom why he had never studied French.
I asked Tom why he wanted to go to Boston.
I asked Tom why he wanted to study French.
I asked Tom why he wasn't planning to go to Boston with us.
I asked what he was going to do.
I asked you if you wanted some help.
I asked you to buy beef, not pork.
I assume that no one knows the answer.
I assume that Tom doesn't know how to swim.
I assume that you already know the answer.
I assume that you know what this is about.
I assume that your mission was a success.
I assume this isn't the best time to ask for a promotion.
I assume we're doing a pretty good job since no one has complained.
I assume you haven't seen Tom this morning.
I assume you know what this is about.
I assume you must be a close friend of Tom's.
I assume you're working on correcting the mistakes.
I assumed that you might be hungry so I brought some sandwiches.
I assumed you might be hungry so I brought some sandwiches.
I assure you everything will be ready on time.
I assure you that an error like this will never happen again.
I assure you that I can do that.
I assure you this is about much more than money.
I assure you this isn't just about money.
I assure you Tom will be perfectly safe.
I ate a large pizza with a friend an hour ago.
I ate about half of it and left the rest on my plate.
I ate half the apple before I noticed there was a worm in it.
I ate lunch at around eleven because I was hungry.
I ate some Greek food at a nearby restaurant just a few days ago.
I ate something earlier this evening that didn't agree with me.
I ate something that didn't agree with me.
I attended the meeting though my father told me not to.
I avoid crossing the street here if I am in a hurry.
I awoke one morning to find myself famous.
I awoke to find a bird in my room.
I awoke to find a burglar in my room.
I awoke to find everything had been a dream.
I banged my leg on the coffee table.
I barely had time to finish this report before the meeting.
I barely had time to think about it.
I barely managed to finish the letter by eleven o'clock.
I became a member of the club in 1980.
I became aware of someone looking at me.
I became very sleepy after a bit of reading.
I beg of you not to do this thing.
I beg to point out that your calculation is wrong.
I beg you to give me a little water.
I beg your pardon. I didn't quite catch your name.
I began to be afraid that you would never come back again.
I began to be afraid you would never come back again.
I began to doubt the accuracy of his statement.
I began to sing when I was a youngster.
I believe in the immortality of the soul.
I believe it's my duty to protect these children.
I believe that he is a reliable man.
I believe that people tend to focus on the wrong things.
I believe that this isn't a good idea.
I believe this fish is a freshwater fish.
I believe Tom when he says that he doesn't speak French.
I believe what is written in her letter.
I believed I was doing the right thing.
I believed that he would keep his promise.
I bet five dollars that he will not come.
I bet stuff like this doesn't happen to Tom.
I bet that everything will turn out well.
I bet that I can jump higher than you.
I bet Tom doesn't sleep a wink tonight.
I bet we've all asked ourselves that same question more than once.
I bet you can't guess where I was last night!
I bet you don't remember the first time we met.
I bet you know who told me that.
I bet you think I'm just writing that to impress you.
I bet you're feeling really good right now.
I bet you're going to tell me you're too tired to help.
I bit off more than I could chew.
I blame myself for a lot of what has happened.
I blame Tom for what happened to all of us.
I blew on my hands to warm them.
I booked a suite in a swanky hotel.
I borrowed money not only from Tom, but from his wife, too.
I borrowed my father's hammer to build a dog house.
I borrowed the screwdriver from a friend of mine.
I borrowed this comic book from his sister.
I bought a backpack at the army surplus store.
I bought a bottle of beer at the liquor store.
I bought a farm not too far from Boston.
I bought a few eggs and a little milk.
I bought a house with a swimming pool.
I bought a new pair of flip-flops to wear on the beach.
I bought a pair of slacks with the money you gave me.
I bought a pen, but I lost it.
I bought a scarf for my grandfather for his 88th birthday.
I bought a second badminton racket for myself, but I forgot to buy a shuttlecock.
I bought a six-pack of beer on my way home from work.
I bought a watch and an empty box.
I bought a watch and I lost it the next day.
I bought an eight-acre farm for my retirement.
I bought an English book, but the book was hard to understand.
I bought every book on Japan I could find.
I bought flowers because my grandmother is coming today for a visit.
I bought some bread and a carton of milk.
I bought some magazines to read on the plane.
I bought the car at a 10% discount.
I bought the least expensive pair of shoes in the store.
I bought the novel on which the film is based.
I bought the same camera as you have.
I bought this at a flea market for three dollars.
I bought this book at the book store in front of the station.
I bought this book at the bookstore in front of the station.
I bought this book at the bookstore near the bus stop.
I bought this book for myself, not for my wife.
I bought this coat at a low price.
I bought this hat at a store on Park Street.
I bought this hat when I was in Boston.
I bought this suit just for this occasion.
I bought this watch at an antique store.
I broke a bone in my foot while exercising.
I broke a glass when I did the dishes.
I broke his heart, but I love him.
I broke my leg and am walking on crutches.
I broke my wrist when I fell on it.
I brought a jacket because it was quite cool this morning.
I brought you some more books to read.
I brush my teeth at least twice a day.
I built a house within a stone's throw of the forest.
I bumped into an old friend on my way here.
I bumped into an old friend on the bus.
I bumped into Tom in the supermarket yesterday.
I burned all the letters that you wrote me.
I burned all the letters that you wrote to me.
I burned the roof of my mouth eating pizza.
I buy at least one new Christmas tree ornament every year.
I buy loads of stuff at that store.
I calculated that it would cost 300 dollars.
I called a cab, because it was raining.
I called and pretended that I was Tom.
I called her office, but no one answered.
I called her, but the line was busy.
I called him up, but he wasn't there.
I called my friend after arriving at the station.
I called my mother up from the station.
I called Tom's house, but no one answered.
I called you because I need a favor.
I called you in here to ask you a question.
I called your office today, but you weren't in.
I came across an article in the newspaper about your new project.
I came across this book in a secondhand bookstore.
I came across your brother on the street.
I came early in order to get a good seat.
I came early to get a good seat.
I came here as fast as I could.
I came here by bus, but I think I'll walk back.
I came here of my own free will.
I came here to discuss a personal problem with you.
I came here to give you a gift.
I came here to tell you something important.
I came here to tell you what I found out.
I came here to warn you about Tom.
I came here to warn you that you're in danger.
I came here when I was a kid.
I came near being drowned, trying to rescue a boy.
I came to see if you were OK.
I came to talk to you about Tom.
I came to the conclusion that I had been deceived.
I came to the conclusion that something was wrong.
I came to this country three years ago.
I came to warn you not to do that.
I came upon a rare stamp at that store.
I came upon an old friend of mine on the train.
I can afford neither the time nor the money for a trip.
I can always take the bus back to Boston, right?
I can assure you everything is under control.
I can assure you that honesty pays in the long run.
I can attest to everything she just said.
I can barely remember what my grandfather looked like.
I can be as stubborn as you are.
I can be just as stubborn as you.
I can be persuasive when I want to be.
I can buy what I need on my way home.
I can carry that for you if you'd like me to.
I can cook better than I can play tennis.
I can do it faster on my own.
I can do it if you give me a chance.
I can do it in half the time.
I can do that again if you want me to.
I can do that and Tom can, too.
I can do that for you if you want me to.
I can do that in less than ten minutes.
I can do that with my eyes closed.
I can do that with one hand tied behind my back.
I can do this with you or without you.
I can draw you a picture of that if you want me to.
I can drive to Boston and back on one tank of gas.
I can drop you off at the airport tonight.
I can easily convince you of his innocence.
I can easily give up chocolate to lose weight.
I can fall back on my savings if I lose my job.
I can feel pain in both of my knees.
I can get Christmas Day off, but I have work on Christmas Eve.
I can get to the station before you do.
I can get to work faster by walking than by taking the car.
I can give you a copy of the report, but I can't vouch for its accuracy.
I can give you a lift if you like.
I can give you a lift into town.
I can give you something for your pain.
I can go months without an alcoholic drink, but not even one hour without a cigarette.
I can hardly make out what he says.
I can hardly wait to get home and sleep in my own bed.
I can hardly wait to see you again.
I can have dinner ready by 10 o'clock.
I can hear a cat scratching at the window.
I can hear someone talking in the next room.
I can hear the wind in the trees.
I can hear you, but I can't see you.
I can help you do that right now.
I can hold my breath for a long time.
I can lend you one if you want.
I can lend you some money if you like.
I can lend you some money if you need some.
I can look at it when you're ready.
I can make a few calls for you if you want me to.
I can make the time to talk to you.
I can neither confirm nor deny the rumors.
I can never stay angry at Tom for very long.
I can not feel at home in a luxurious hotel.
I can only stay with you for just a few days.
I can only tell you what I know.
I can pick out only two or three constellations in the night sky.
I can pick you up from work if you want me to.
I can place the palms of my hands on the floor without bending my knees.
I can play tennis, but not very well.
I can probably do that in less than three hours.
I can read Chinese fairly well, but I can't write it very well.
I can read English, but I can't speak it.
I can read German, but I can't speak it.
I can remember the warmth of her hands.
I can remember when you were just a little boy.
I can remember when you were just a little girl.
I can rip you apart with my bare hands.
I can run as fast as Tom can.
I can see a ship on the horizon.
I can see a strange blue bird on the roof.
I can see just as well as you can.
I can see much better with these glasses.
I can see no reason why I should do that.
I can see some people walking across the street.
I can see some small fish swimming about in the water.
I can see the castle from my bedroom window.
I can see the top of the mountain.
I can see you're busy, so I'll get right to the point.
I can see you're in a good mood.
I can show you the best way to do that.
I can show you where it is. It's not far from here.
I can sing this song without looking at the lyrics.
I can speak Chinese, but I can't read it.
I can speak French and I can also speak English.
I can speak French, but only a little bit.
I can spot a bleached blonde from a mile away.
I can spot you from a distance with your long, white hair.
I can stand all day without getting tired.
I can still remember the time when we went on a picnic together.
I can teach you how to do this.
I can tear you apart with my bare hands.
I can tell by his accent that he is German.
I can tell you that it didn't happen.
I can tell you that that didn't happen.
I can tell you things you won't hear from anyone else.
I can tell you where to find Tom.
I can think of some situations in which a knife would come in handy.
I can trace my ancestors back 200 years.
I can understand French to a certain extent.
I can understand why you don't like Tom.
I can understand why you don't want to eat there.
I can usually tell when someone is hiding something.
I can verify that that's the truth myself.
I can walk faster if you want me to.
I can walk from my house to the station in only five minutes.
I can walk to school in 10 minutes.
I can walk to school in half an hour.
I can walk to school in ten minutes.
I can watch TV all day without getting bored.
I can work late tonight if you need me to.
I canceled my appointment because of urgent business.
I canceled my hotel reservations and stayed with friends.
I cannot afford a camera above 300 dollars.
I cannot afford to buy such a thing.
I cannot agree with you on the matter.
I cannot bring myself to do such a thing.
I cannot decide whether to go or not.
I cannot disclose any information about the informant.
I cannot distinguish a frog from a toad.
I cannot do the work on my own.
I cannot do without sugar in my coffee.
I cannot feel at home in such a hotel.
I cannot give you a definite answer today.
I cannot go to the party, but thank you for inviting me all the same.
I cannot help feeling that the attempt has turned out to be a failure.
I cannot help loving her in spite of her many faults.
I cannot help thinking that my son is still alive.
I cannot help wondering if he will come on time.
I cannot look at this photo without being reminded of my school days.
I cannot look at this picture without thinking of my dead mother.
I cannot put up with his bad manners any longer.
I cannot release that information. It is private.
I cannot say for certain that the patient will recover.
I cannot see this picture without remembering my childhood.
I cannot solve the problem on my own.
I cannot thank you enough for your kindness.
I can't afford a camera as good as yours.
I can't afford a new car this year.
I can't afford to buy a new car at this time.
I can't afford to buy a new car.
I can't afford to buy a new one.
I can't afford to buy a used car, much less a new one.
I can't afford to buy an expensive car.
I can't afford to buy anything in this store.
I can't afford to buy such a thing.
I can't afford to buy such an expensive car.
I can't afford to buy that this month.
I can't afford to buy the computer I want.
I can't afford to eat at an expensive restaurant like this.
I can't afford to go to the onsen this weekend. I'm broke.
I can't afford to rent a house like this in Tokyo.
I can't afford to shop at such an expensive store.
I can't afford to waste a single yen.
I can't agree with you on that point.
I can't agree with you on this matter.
I can't agree with you on this point.
I can't ask you to take that sort of risk.
I can't be bothered to go out tonight.
I can't be in two places at the same time.
I can't be sure, but I think that Tom likes Mary.
I can't be sure, but I think Tom likes Mary.
I can't bear the thought of being without you.
I can't bear the thought of her with another man.
I can't bear the thought of losing you.
I can't bear to see him cry like that.
I can't believe anyone ate what Tom cooked.
I can't believe he renounced his U.S. citizenship.
I can't believe how much things have changed since we were kids.
I can't believe I actually thought Tom would change.
I can't believe I agreed to do that.
I can't believe I ate the whole thing.
I can't believe I didn't even think of that.
I can't believe I didn't think of it.
I can't believe I didn't think of that earlier.
I can't believe I finally managed to meet you.
I can't believe I let you talk me into this.
I can't believe I let you talk me into volunteering.
I can't believe I locked myself out again.
I can't believe I used to watch this show.
I can't believe I'm going to lose my job.
I can't believe I'm stuck here in this room with you.
I can't believe I'm talking to you about this.
I can't believe it's been more than a year since that happened.
I can't believe people really eat that stuff.
I can't believe that I didn't even think of that.
I can't believe that I never knew that.
I can't believe that she is older than my mother.
I can't believe that Tom didn't do that.
I can't believe that Tom wouldn't do that for me.
I can't believe that we've actually done this.
I can't believe that you actually did that.
I can't believe that you actually got into Harvard.
I can't believe that you aren't at least willing to consider the possibility of other alternatives.
I can't believe that you enjoyed that movie.
I can't believe that you like that restaurant.
I can't believe that you really sold that junk for such a high price.
I can't believe that you were the smartest kid in your class.
I can't believe that's what's really bothering Tom.
I can't believe that's what's really troubling Tom.
I can't believe the way everyone is reacting.
I can't believe this is happening to us.
I can't believe this is really happening to me.
I can't believe this is taking so long.
I can't believe Tom did that to you.
I can't believe Tom is really planning on doing this.
I can't believe Tom knows where Mary lives.
I can't believe we haven't run into each other before.
I can't believe we've finally finished the project.
I can't believe we've never done this before.
I can't believe what an idiot I've been.
I can't believe what we were about to do.
I can't believe you actually did something like that.
I can't believe you are eating something the doctor has told you repeatedly you shouldn't eat.
I can't believe you did all this without any help.
I can't believe you did that by yourself.
I can't believe you did this by yourself.
I can't believe you didn't recognize your own brother.
I can't believe you don't want butter on your popcorn.
I can't believe you really want to do that.
I can't believe you thought I was cheating.
I can't believe you turned down that job.
I can't believe you weren't as impressed as I was.
I can't believe you would do that to me.
I can't believe you'd do something like that to me.
I can't believe your mom let you go.
I can't believe your mom made you wear that.
I can't believe your parents let you come here by yourself.
I can't believe you're eating what the doctor told you not to eat.
I can't believe you're going to give away all your money.
I can't believe you're taking pictures of cockroaches.
I can't believe you're talking to me like this.
I can't believe you're trying to bribe me.
I can't believe you've never heard of us.
I can't blame you for breaking your promise.
I can't blame you. It was my fault.
I can't bring myself to do such a thing.
I can't buy that now, because I don't have enough money.
I can't buy this because I don't have enough money.
I can't carry this suitcase. It's too heavy.
I can't come tomorrow. I've got a lot of work to do.
I can't come up with a good excuse for being late for the dentist.
I can't come up with a good idea.
I can't complain about the way I've been treated.
I can't conceive how I could have made such a mistake.
I can't concentrate if you keep tapping me on the shoulder.
I can't concentrate on my work because of the noise.
I can't concentrate on that problem right now.
I can't concentrate with all this commotion going on.
I can't cook as well as you can.
I can't count the number of times Tom has complained about that.
I can't deal with that problem right now.
I can't decide if I'm happy or sad.
I can't decide what to eat for lunch today.
I can't decide what to eat for lunch.
I can't decide whether to do that or not.
I can't decide whether to go or not.
I can't decide whether to join that club.
I can't decide who to invite to my party.
I can't deliver this until you tell me where to deliver it to.
I can't disclose any information about the informant.
I can't distinguish a frog from a toad.
I can't do all of this without a little help.
I can't do all of this without help.
I can't do anything until this project is done.
I can't do it alone. I need your help.
I can't do it alone. You have to help me.
I can't do my job without a computer.
I can't do that with you because I don't have enough money.
I can't do the work on my own.
I can't do two things at a time.
I can't do two things at the same time.
I can't do what I'm being paid to do.
I can't do without an air conditioner in the summer.
I can't do without sugar in my coffee.
I can't eat or drink very hot things.
I can't eat spicy food like I used to.
I can't eat that much food by myself.
I can't endure that noise a moment longer.
I can't even afford to buy a used car.
I can't even remember what Tom looks like.
I can't even remember what we were fighting about.
I can't explain the difference between those two.
I can't explain the situation better than that.
I can't express myself in English very well.
I can't express myself in French very well.
I can't feel at home in a hotel.
I can't figure out how to delete what I just posted.
I can't figure out how to get the window open.
I can't figure out how to open this suitcase.
I can't figure out how to operate this machine.
I can't figure out how to post a comment to this blog.
I can't figure out how to register a new domain name.
I can't figure out how to solve this problem.
I can't figure out how to transfer MP3 files from my iPod back to my computer.
I can't figure out how to transfer MP3 files to my iPod.
I can't figure out how to upload an image.
I can't figure out the answer to this problem.
I can't figure out what she really wants.
I can't figure out what's causing the problem.
I can't figure out why he didn't tell the truth.
I can't figure out why he said so.
I can't figure out why nobody comes here anymore.
I can't find any evidence to support your accusation.
I can't find my glasses. I may have left them behind in the train.
I can't find my key, but it has to be somewhere around here.
I can't find my ticket. I must have lost it.
I can't find the address of my hotel.
I can't find the right man for me.
I can't find the word to express what I feel.
I can't find time to read the book.
I can't find Tom. Has he gone already?
I can't finish the job in so short a time.
I can't finish the job in such a short time.
I can't fit everything I need into one suitcase.
I can't fit into my old clothes anymore.
I can't focus on two things at the same time.
I can't focus, so I'm going to take a breather.
I can't forget the day I met Tom.
I can't forgive him for behaving like that.
I can't get her out of my mind.
I can't get in touch with him yet.
I can't get married without my parents' permission.
I can't get my money out of the bank today.
I can't get out of my sleeping bag.
I can't get over how different the weather is here.
I can't get that melody out of my head.
I can't get the cap off this bottle.
I can't get the door to shut properly.
I can't get the lid off this jar.
I can't get this old TV to work.
I can't get this splinter out of my finger.
I can't get you out of my head.
I can't give you a definite answer today.
I can't give you a definitive answer today.
I can't give you any more details at this time.
I can't go back there and neither can you.
I can't go now. I have work to do.
I can't go on pretending like nothing happened.
I can't go out because I have a lot of homework.
I can't go out because I've got homework.
I can't go to school today. I'm sick.
I can't go to the beach with you this weekend.
I can't go to the concert with you tonight.
I can't go to the party. I'm grounded.
I can't go to the restaurant with you today.
I can't go to the restaurant with you tonight.
I can't go to work in these clothes.
I can't go to work today because I have the flu.
I can't go with you because I'm very busy.
I can't go with you. I have a meeting.
I can't go, nor do I want to.
I can't hear anything because of the noise.
I can't help but feel a little relieved.
I can't help but feel like I've forgotten something.
I can't help but laugh when I think about that.
I can't help but think that we're making a mistake.
I can't help but think we're making a mistake.
I can't help feeling something's not quite right.
I can't help feeling sorry for the girl.
I can't help it if girls want to flirt with me.
I can't help the way I feel about you.
I can't help thinking my father is still alive.
I can't help thinking that my son is still alive.
I can't help you because I am busy.
I can't help you if you don't trust me.
I can't help you unless you tell me the truth.
I can't imagine a future with no electricity.
I can't imagine living in a world without books.
I can't imagine losing a loved one on Christmas Day.
I can't imagine many people wanting to read this book more than once.
I can't imagine myself doing something like that.
I can't imagine what it must've been like.
I can't imagine what life would be like without you.
I can't imagine why anyone would want to steal something like that.
I can't imagine your not knowing her address.
I can't invite all my friends at once.
I can't juggle very well yet, but I'm practicing.
I can't just leave. I have to tell the boss I'm leaving.
I can't just sit back and do nothing.
I can't keep living the way I've been living.
I can't keep my coat on in this heat.
I can't keep my eyes off of it.
I can't keep up with you if you walk so fast.
I can't kiss you the way you want to be kissed.
I can't leave before the job is done.
I can't let them do this to me.
I can't let you enter without a pass.
I can't let you go in there alone.
I can't let you in without a ticket.
I can't live on ten thousand yen a month.
I can't look at this photo without being reminded of my school days.
I can't look at this photo without feeling very sad.
I can't make a decision on the spot. I'll have to talk to my boss first.
I can't make ends meet on my pension.
I can't make ends meet on my salary.
I can't make heads or tails of what you said.
I can't make heads or tails of what you say.
I can't make it to your party next weekend.
I can't make out what the man is saying.
I can't make that decision without talking to Tom first.
I can't necessarily agree with you on that point.
I can't open the door. Do you have the key?
I can't pay all my bills this month.
I can't pay you back the money you lent me.
I can't play tennis as well as I used to.
I can't play tennis as well as Tom.
I can't play the piano, but she can.
I can't promise anything, but I'll do my best.
I can't promise Tom will talk to you.
I can't prove it, but I'm sure he was murdered.
I can't prune this tree. It's too tall.
I can't put up with all that noise.
I can't put up with an insult like this.
I can't put up with her any longer.
I can't put up with him any longer.
I can't put up with his behavior any longer.
I can't put up with his violence any longer.
I can't put up with it any longer.
I can't put up with that loud noise.
I can't put up with that noise any longer.
I can't put up with the inconvenience of country life.
I can't put up with the noise any longer.
I can't put up with the way he spits.
I can't put up with this noise anymore.
I can't reach things on the top shelf.
I can't read French, nor can I speak it.
I can't read what's written on the blackboard.
I can't really put a price on that.
I can't recall her name at the moment.
I can't recall the last time we met.
I can't remember exactly where I put my keys.
I can't remember exactly who told me that.
I can't remember her address no matter how much I try.
I can't remember how much I paid for it.
I can't remember how to spell her name.
I can't remember how to use this machine.
I can't remember the last time I ate with my family.
I can't remember the last time I laughed this much.
I can't remember the last time I spoke to you.
I can't remember the last time I've seen you so excited about something.
I can't remember the last time we had a white Christmas.
I can't remember the melody of that song.
I can't remember the melody to that song.
I can't remember the tune of that song.
I can't remember what I ate last night.
I can't remember what we did that day.
I can't remember where I buried the money.
I can't remember where I hid my money.
I can't remember where I parked the car.
I can't remember where this little doodad goes.
I can't return the product without a receipt.
I can't run as fast as he can.
I can't say exactly what the problem is.
I can't say I share your enthusiasm for the idea.
I can't say I'm terribly proud of what I did.
I can't say that's the result I was hoping for.
I can't see anything with my right eye.
I can't see in because the curtains are closed.
I can't see the road signs in this fog.
I can't see the stage well from this seat.
I can't see what it is from here.
I can't see who Tom is talking to.
I can't see you without thinking of your mother.
I can't send you all the files at the same time.
I can't shake off the feeling that something bad is going to happen.
I can't show up looking like I've been working on the farm all day.
I can't sing as well as Mary did.
I can't solve the problem on my own.
I can't solve this problem. It's too difficult for me.
I can't speak for all of my colleagues.
I can't stand being cooped up in this prison!
I can't stand being laughed at in front of others.
I can't stand being treated like a child.
I can't stand it here any longer. I need a change of scenery.
I can't stand the thought of losing you forever.
I can't stand this noise a minute longer.
I can't stand to see animals being teased.
I can't start up my computer. What am I supposed to do?
I can't stop thinking about the stolen money.
I can't stop you from revealing my secrets. However, I beg you not to.
I can't study anywhere in my house. It's too noisy.
I can't survive without air conditioning in the summer.
I can't swallow these tablets without a drink of water.
I can't swim, but my younger brother can.
I can't talk right now. I need to go.
I can't talk to you about that now.
I can't talk with my father without losing my temper.
I can't tell a frog from a toad.
I can't tell her now. It's not that simple anymore.
I can't tell him apart from his brother.
I can't tell how bad the damage is.
I can't tell if you're serious or not.
I can't tell one twin from the other.
I can't tell you any more than that.
I can't tell you any more. I've already said too much.
I can't tell you everything I've been told because I've been told not to.
I can't tell you exactly how long it will take.
I can't tell you his name, but I can tell you where he lives.
I can't tell you how angry that makes me.
I can't tell you how good it is to see you again.
I can't tell you how grateful I am.
I can't tell you how happy I am that you've come to visit us.
I can't tell you how happy I am that you've decided to join our company.
I can't tell you how long I've waited for this.
I can't tell you how many times I've been there.
I can't tell you how much I appreciate your help.
I can't tell you how much I've been looking forward to your visit.
I can't tell you how much I've looked forward to this moment.
I can't tell you how much this means to me.
I can't tell you how much your support means to us.
I can't tell you how thrilled I am.
I can't tell you how to do that.
I can't tell you the answer to that yet.
I can't tell you the reason why I did that.
I can't tell you what a disappointment it was that Tom didn't win the race.
I can't tell you what an honor this is.
I can't tell you what Tom told me.
I can't tell you what we did last night.
I can't tell you what we ended up doing.
I can't tell you what you want to hear.
I can't tell you who's on the list because I haven't seen the list yet.
I can't tell you who's on the list. My boss told me not to.
I can't tell you why I did that.
I can't tell you why she was absent from school.
I can't thank you enough for all your kindness.
I can't thank you enough for all you've done.
I can't thank you enough for the help you've given me.
I can't thank you enough for what you did for me.
I can't thank you enough for your kindness.
I can't think of a reason not to go to the beach today.
I can't think of any other way of getting him to accept our proposal.
I can't think of any reason not to go.
I can't think of anything that I'd like better.
I can't think of anything to write about.
I can't think of his name just now.
I can't turn it on, because the switch is broken.
I can't turn the shower off. Could you check it for me?
I can't understand her way of thinking at all.
I can't understand the meaning of this word.
I can't understand what he is trying to say.
I can't understand what he wants me to do.
I can't understand what you said at all.
I can't understand what you're trying to get at.
I can't understand why he left so suddenly.
I can't understand why she doesn't love me anymore.
I can't understand why Tom refused to help us.
I can't understand why you are so critical of him.
I can't wait for spring to come so we can sit under the cherry trees.
I can't wait for summer vacation to start.
I can't wait for Tom to come home so I can show him this.
I can't wait to be back on the team again.
I can't wait to get back to work.
I can't wait to get out of here.
I can't wait to go on a vacation.
I can't wait to go to Boston to visit Tom.
I can't wait to hear about your vacation.
I can't wait to see you guys again.
I can't wait to sleep in my own bed again.
I can't wait to tell you about what we did.
I can't walk because of my broken leg.
I can't work with you if you don't trust me.
I can't write French, but I can read it.
I care a good deal about what you think.
I carefully took down everything that my teacher said.
I carried one bag, but the other one was left behind.
I carried the heavy bag on my back.
I caught a big fish yesterday with my bare hands.
I caught a cold and was in bed yesterday.
I caught a cold, and I have a fever.
I caught a glimpse of him as he turned the corner.
I caught a glimpse of him from the bus.
I caught a glimpse of him in the crowd.
I caught him by the arm before he could fall.
I caught him stealing pears in the orchard.
I caught my son making prank calls to random phone numbers.
I caught on to what the teacher was explaining.
I caught sight of her in the crowd.
I caught Tom looking into the neighbors' windows.
I caught up on all my homework last night.
I chained myself to one of the trees they were planning to cut down.
I chanced to meet him at the airport.
I changed the arrangement of the furniture in my room.
I chased the thief, but I wasn't able to catch him.
I checked into a hotel and went right to sleep.
I checked the door to make sure it was locked.
I checked twice to make certain we hadn't made any mistakes.
I cheered myself up by listening to music.
I chopped the onions and put them in a casserole with butter and oil.
I chose last time. You choose this time.
I chose not to do that the way Tom suggested.
I cleared my throat, but no words came.
I clicked the first link on the page.
I climbed this mountain the year before last.
I climbed to the top of Mt. Fuji.
I closed my eyes and squeezed the trigger.
I closed the door so that they wouldn't hear us.
I collected stamps when I was a kid.
I come every day except Saturday and Sunday.
I come from a long line of doctors.
I come from a small town in Australia.
I come here as often as I can.
I come into contact with all kinds of people in my work.
I completely forgot to make something for us to eat.
I consider her to be an honest woman.
I consider spaghetti to be one of the greatest foods in the world.
I consider Tom to be my best friend.
I consider watching television a waste of time.
I consider you one of my closest friends.
I considered changing my job, but in the end I decided not to.
I contacted them the other day, but I was not able to get an answer.
I convinced Tom that he should go to Boston with Mary.
I convinced Tom to go to the party.
I copied a passage from the book into my notebook.
I copied in my notebook whatever he wrote on the blackboard.
I could be wrong, but I think Tom likes you.
I could do that if I wanted to, but I don't.
I could feel nothing but the knife as it plunged into my back.
I could feel the sand between my toes.
I could feel the sweat trickling down my back.
I could force you to do that, but I won't.
I could get in trouble if I helped you.
I could get punished if I did that.
I could get you a blanket if you need one.
I could go on, but I don't want to bore you.
I could hardly believe my ears when I heard the news.
I could have done it without your help.
I could have won the race if I hadn't sprained my ankle.
I could hear an owl hooting in the distance.
I could hear birds chirping outside my window.
I could hear birds singing outside my window.
I could hear her sobbing in her bedroom.
I could hear the sound of children playing outside my window.
I could kick myself for not bringing a map.
I could make nothing of what he said.
I could never do it like you do.
I could never do that kind of thing.
I could never forgive myself if I did that.
I could never sing a song like that in public.
I could not afford to buy a bicycle.
I could not get anybody to go with me, and so I went by myself.
I could not help laughing at his haircut.
I could not make myself understood in English.
I could not persuade him that it was true.
I could not sleep because of the noise.
I could probably convince Tom not to do that.
I could really make things hard for you, you know.
I could really use a change in scenery!
I could rip you apart with my bare hands.
I could run much faster when I was young.
I could run quite a bit faster when I was young.
I could say a lot about this topic.
I could say nothing in my dad's presence.
I could smell the alcohol on his breath.
I could swim faster when I was young.
I could teach you a thing or two.
I could tell at a glance that she was in trouble.
I could tell from his accent that he was a Frenchman.
I could tell you that I love you, but I'd be lying.
I could use a little help over here.
I could use some help in the kitchen.
I couldn't afford to buy a bicycle, much less a car.
I couldn't attend that party because I was sick.
I couldn't be happier for the two of you.
I couldn't bring myself to take the job.
I couldn't bring myself to tell her the truth.
I couldn't bring myself to throw your picture away.
I couldn't care less what you think of me.
I couldn't do everything I wanted to do.
I couldn't do everything that I wanted to do.
I couldn't do that even if I wanted to.
I couldn't eat fish when I was a child.
I couldn't enter because the door was closed.
I couldn't explain to Tom what was happening.
I couldn't fall asleep because of the noise.
I couldn't figure out how to do it.
I couldn't figure out how to open the door.
I couldn't find any shoes that fit me.
I couldn't find the information I was looking for.
I couldn't find the page I was looking for.
I couldn't find what I was looking for.
I couldn't get a definite answer from him.
I couldn't get another copy of the book.
I couldn't get him to leave me alone.
I couldn't get hold of him at his office.
I couldn't get out of my garage because there was a car in the way.
I couldn't get rid of my doubt about it.
I couldn't get that song out of my mind.
I couldn't get the point of his speech.
I couldn't go out because it was raining.
I couldn't go to school for a whole week.
I couldn't go to work because I was sick.
I couldn't have done anything without Tom's help.
I couldn't have done it without you. Thank you.
I couldn't have done it without your help.
I couldn't have done that if you hadn't been helping me.
I couldn't have done this without your help.
I couldn't have said it any better myself.
I couldn't have solved this case without you.
I couldn't have stayed even if I'd wanted to.
I couldn't have wished for a better gift this Christmas.
I couldn't hear what was happening in the next room.
I couldn't help but feel disappointed when I heard the news.
I couldn't help laughing when I heard that story.
I couldn't just stand by and do nothing.
I couldn't keep the tears from my eyes.
I couldn't let Tom go without saying goodbye.
I couldn't let you take all the blame.
I couldn't light the candle because the wick was too short.
I couldn't live with that kind of uncertainty.
I couldn't make head or tail of it.
I couldn't make myself heard in the classroom.
I couldn't make out what he wanted to say.
I couldn't meet him at the station because my car ran out of gas.
I couldn't prevent Tom from eating all the cookies.
I couldn't print the handouts because the printer wasn't working.
I couldn't put up with her arrogant behavior.
I couldn't put up with that noise any longer.
I couldn't remember the title of that song.
I couldn't stay even if I wanted to.
I couldn't tell if you were angry or not.
I couldn't tell Tom what was going to happen.
I couldn't tell what color his shirt was because it was too dark outside.
I couldn't think of anything better than that.
I couldn't understand a single word of what they said.
I couldn't understand the announcement that was just made.
I couldn't understand why Tom wanted to quit school.
I could've gone to the seaside, but I went to the mountains instead.
I could've helped if you'd let me know that you needed help.
I could've helped you if you had asked me.
I crawled out of bed and got dressed.
I cried when Tom told me about that.
I crossed the room and looked out the window.
I crossed the street even though the light was still red.
I cry every time I listen to this song.
I cry whenever I listen to this song.
I cut my finger while trying to open the package.
I cut my right hand on a piece of glass.
I cut myself on a piece of glass.
I cut the article out of the magazine.
I cut the cloth with a pair of scissors.
I cut the paper with a pair of scissors.
I cut the thick branches with a hand saw.
I cut up all but one of my credit cards.
I dance in my living room all the time.
I dare you to try to stop me.
I dated a girl like that many years ago.
I deal in facts and figures, not vague impressions.
I decided not to do that after all.
I decided on telling her of my love.
I decided that I would quit my part-time job.
I decided to come to Japan last year.
I decided to go out and explore the town.
I decided to take his side against the others.
I decided to take matters in my own hands.
I decided to tell her that I love her.
I decided to tell her that I love him.
I decided to tell him that I love her.
I delayed telling him about his uncle's death as long as I could.
I demand that you give back my money.
I demand that you give me back my money.
I demand that you give me my money back.
I demand you give me back my money.
I demand you give me my money back.
I demanded that they be allowed to leave.
I did all my Christmas shopping online this year.
I did everything I could to be your friend.
I did everything I could to help Tom find a job.
I did everything I could to save Tom.
I did everything I could to stop Tom.
I did everything I was asked to do.
I did everything I was supposed to do.
I did everything in my power to protect her from you.
I did exactly what you told me to do.
I did it and I would do it again.
I did it in a couple of days.
I did it the way he told me to.
I did it with my own two hands.
I did not expect it to be that big.
I did not notice how she was dressed.
I did not take anything from his bag.
I did say that, but I didn't mean it.
I did so for the sake of my health.
I did so, not because I wanted to, but because I had to.
I did some modeling when I was younger.
I did some shopping for Christmas on my way home.
I did that almost the same way Tom did.
I did that because I was ordered to.
I did that the way you asked me to.
I did that today for the first time.
I did that which she asked me to do.
I did that without asking for anyone's advice.
I did the job to the best of my ability.
I did the very best that I could.
I did what I thought I should do.
I did what I was told to do.
I did what Tom told me to do.
I did what you told me to do.
I didn't actually want to go to college.
I didn't answer your letter because I was too busy.
I didn't ask you to come with us.
I didn't ask you to stay with me.
I didn't ask you to wait for me.
I didn't believe the old man at all.
I didn't bring this topic up with her.
I didn't buy any Christmas presents this year.
I didn't buy it because it was really expensive.
I didn't commit myself to attend the meeting.
I didn't do that and Tom didn't either.
I didn't do that yesterday, so I have to do that today.
I didn't do too well on today's test.
I didn't do well on the test so my parents chewed me out.
I didn't do what I was told to do.
I didn't do what they told me to do.
I didn't do what Tom said I did.
I didn't do what you think I did.
I didn't eat everything that she served me.
I didn't eat the bread because the crust was moldy.
I didn't eat the cake, because I wasn't hungry.
I didn't even get one letter from her.
I didn't even get to use my knife.
I didn't even know that my car had been stolen.
I didn't even know that you had a boyfriend.
I didn't even know that you had a girlfriend.
I didn't even know that you had a horse.
I didn't even know that you had one.
I didn't even know Tom had a girlfriend.
I didn't even know you had a boyfriend.
I didn't even know you had a girlfriend.
I didn't even know you had a horse.
I didn't even notice what Tom was wearing.
I didn't even see you once last year.
I didn't expect her to ask me such a question.
I didn't expect her to ask me that question.
I didn't expect it to cost so much.
I didn't expect so many people to be here.
I didn't expect such a nice present from you.
I didn't expect to be asked to give a speech.
I didn't expect to be here so soon.
I didn't expect to see you at a place like this.
I didn't expect you to get here so soon.
I didn't expect you to say something like that.
I didn't expect you to turn up here.
I didn't factor those variables into the equation.
I didn't feel very well, but I went to work anyway.
I didn't feel well, but I went to work.
I didn't get a chance to introduce myself to her.
I didn't get a chance to see it.
I didn't get an email from Tom today.
I didn't get any Christmas presents this year.
I didn't get even one letter from her.
I didn't get much sleep last night so I was nodding off all day at work.
I didn't get paid for all the work I did.
I didn't get the point of his speech.
I didn't get to the end of the book.
I didn't go out because it was very cold.
I didn't go to school because I was sick.
I didn't have a bicycle when I was growing up.
I didn't have a gun at that time.
I didn't have chains for my car, so I stayed home.
I didn't have enough money to buy everything I wanted to buy.
I didn't have enough money to buy everything you asked me to buy.
I didn't have enough space to fit my lunch in the bag.
I didn't have enough strength to open the door.
I didn't have enough time to eat everything that was served.
I didn't have enough time to finish my presentation.
I didn't have much time so I just skimmed through the article.
I didn't have the courage to do that.
I didn't have the heart to tell him the truth.
I didn't have the heart to tell you.
I didn't have the nerve to tell the truth.
I didn't have the sense to do so.
I didn't have time to do everything that needed to be done.
I didn't have time to eat lunch, so I'm hungry.
I didn't have time to proofread my report.
I didn't have time to read the whole article.
I didn't have time to think. I had to make a judgment call.
I didn't have time to watch TV yesterday.
I didn't have to open the letter. I knew exactly what it said.
I didn't have to pay for the plane ticket to Boston.
I didn't hear a word of what Tom just said.
I didn't know about that until quite recently.
I didn't know anyone could move that fast.
I didn't know apple trees grow from seeds.
I didn't know football was such a dangerous sport.
I didn't know he had a weak heart.
I didn't know he had decided to leave his job.
I didn't know how much it would cost to get my car repaired.
I didn't know how to do it, but I was willing to give it a try.
I didn't know how to react to that.
I didn't know how to swim very well.
I didn't know I didn't have enough money.
I didn't know I was adopted until I was thirteen years old.
I didn't know I was adopted until I was thirteen.
I didn't know I was going to be punished.
I didn't know I was going to have to introduce the main speaker.
I didn't know I was going to win.
I didn't know it was so well known.
I didn't know it would be impossible to do that.
I didn't know something like this could happen.
I didn't know that he could speak English.
I didn't know that I didn't have enough money.
I didn't know that I had to do that.
I didn't know that I was adopted until I was thirteen years old.
I didn't know that I was adopted until I was thirteen.
I didn't know that I was going to be punished.
I didn't know that I was going to have to introduce the main speaker.
I didn't know that I was supposed to do that.
I didn't know that Mary was Tom's daughter.
I didn't know that she had a child.
I didn't know that soccer was such a dangerous sport.
I didn't know that something like this could happen.
I didn't know that that was going to happen.
I didn't know that the cost of living was so high in Australia.
I didn't know that they could do that.
I didn't know that this was the first time you kissed a girl.
I didn't know that Tom could cook so well.
I didn't know that Tom did that by himself last Monday.
I didn't know that Tom didn't know how to do that.
I didn't know that Tom had already bought milk.
I didn't know that Tom hadn't done what he was supposed to do.
I didn't know that Tom hated Mary so much.
I didn't know that Tom saw me doing that.
I didn't know that Tom saw me leaving early.
I didn't know that Tom was from Boston.
I didn't know that Tom was Mary's boss.
I didn't know that Tom was Mary's grandson.
I didn't know that Tom was Mary's son.
I didn't know that Tom was still working here.
I didn't know that Tom was such a good dancer.
I didn't know that Tom would let Mary do that.
I didn't know that we weren't supposed to do that.
I didn't know that we wouldn't be allowed to do that.
I didn't know that you cared that much.
I didn't know that you could cook so well.
I didn't know that you could cook this well.
I didn't know that you could do that.
I didn't know that you could do this.
I didn't know that you could speak French so well.
I didn't know that you could speak French.
I didn't know that you had a boyfriend.
I didn't know that you had a brother.
I didn't know that you had a car.
I didn't know that you had a cat.
I didn't know that you had a girlfriend.
I didn't know that you had a roommate.
I didn't know that you had a sister.
I didn't know that you had hay fever.
I didn't know that you needed to do that.
I didn't know that you played the oboe.
I didn't know that you still had friends at the IRS.
I didn't know that you two knew each other.
I didn't know that you used to work here.
I didn't know that you wanted to work for me.
I didn't know that you were a dentist.
I didn't know that you were a doctor.
I didn't know that you were a member.
I didn't know that you were allergic to walnuts.
I didn't know that you were coming by.
I didn't know that you were from Boston.
I didn't know that you were going to come back.
I didn't know that you were looking for me.
I didn't know that you were seeing someone.
I didn't know that you were sick, so I didn't visit you in the hospital.
I didn't know that you were so rich.
I didn't know that you were so tired.
I didn't know that you were so unhappy.
I didn't know that you were still here.
I didn't know that you were such a good cook.
I didn't know the city, and what's more, I couldn't speak a word of the language.
I didn't know the cost of living was so high in Australia.
I didn't know there was a pond here.
I didn't know this kind of a thing existed.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were brother and sister.
I didn't know Tom could play the trombone so well.
I didn't know Tom could sing so well.
I didn't know Tom didn't know how to do that.
I didn't know Tom had agreed to do that.
I didn't know Tom had already bought milk.
I didn't know Tom had won the race.
I didn't know Tom hadn't done what he was supposed to do.
I didn't know Tom hated me so much.
I didn't know Tom lived in a dorm.
I didn't know Tom saw me leaving early.
I didn't know Tom was afraid of ghosts.
I didn't know Tom was going to be there.
I didn't know Tom was going to Boston with Mary.
I didn't know Tom was going to do it.
I didn't know Tom was still working here.
I didn't know Tom was such a good dancer.
I didn't know Tom was waiting for me.
I didn't know Tom would let Mary do that.
I didn't know we were supposed to do that.
I didn't know we wouldn't be allowed to do that.
I didn't know what else to do, so I just left.
I didn't know what I was getting into.
I didn't know what I was getting myself into.
I didn't know what it meant at that time.
I didn't know what it was at the time.
I didn't know what made my leg swell up like that.
I didn't know what time I was supposed to leave.
I didn't know what to do when Tom told me that.
I didn't know what to do with it.
I didn't know what to say to her.
I didn't know what to say to him.
I didn't know where to get off the bus.
I didn't know where to get the bus.
I didn't know where to go, or what to do.
I didn't know where Tom had gone skiing.
I didn't know where Tom wanted me to plant the marigolds.
I didn't know whether I wanted to go to university.
I didn't know whether I'd be permitted to do that or not.
I didn't know who Tom was planning to go swimming with.
I didn't know who would bring the letter.
I didn't know why I wasn't supposed to go to that part of town.
I didn't know why I'd been chosen to do that.
I didn't know why Tom didn't want us there.
I didn't know you could cook like this.
I didn't know you could cook so well.
I didn't know you could cook this well.
I didn't know you had a week off last month.
I didn't know you had so many cats.
I didn't know you still had friends at the IRS.
I didn't know you two knew each other.
I didn't know you used to work here.
I didn't know you wanted to work for me.
I didn't know you were allergic to walnuts.
I didn't know you were going to come back.
I didn't know you were looking for me.
I didn't know you were sick, so I didn't visit you in the hospital.
I didn't know you were staying at this hotel.
I didn't know you were such a good cook.
I didn't know you were that good at French.
I didn't know you'd be back so soon.
I didn't leave my house because I figured that I was pretty safe there.
I didn't like being told what to do.
I didn't like dogs when I was a kid.
I didn't like singing when I was younger.
I didn't like the ending of that movie.
I didn't like the plot of the movie.
I didn't like the way that movie ended.
I didn't like the way you did that.
I didn't like this game until I started winning.
I didn't like what he said at all.
I didn't like what I saw on TV.
I didn't manage to see who it was.
I didn't mean to eavesdrop on your conversation.
I didn't mean to give you that impression.
I didn't need to pay for the food.
I didn't need to understand French to know that they were angry.
I didn't need to understand French to know they were angry.
I didn't notice her going out of the room.
I didn't notice that my fly was open.
I didn't pay attention to what they were saying.
I didn't plan on staying here so long.
I didn't prepare a presentation, so I just winged it.
I didn't quite catch the name of that designer.
I didn't quite make out what he said.
I didn't realize how bad off you were.
I didn't realize my wallet was missing until I got home.
I didn't realize that the cost of living was so high in Australia.
I didn't realize you were so good at French.
I didn't really want to kiss my grandmother, but I did.
I didn't receive any Christmas presents this year.
I didn't receive even one letter from her.
I didn't recognize him at first on the train.
I didn't say it was going to be easy.
I didn't say it wasn't OK to eat.
I didn't say that it was going to be easy.
I didn't see any children in the park.
I didn't see the end of the movie.
I didn't see what was in the box.
I didn't send any Christmas cards this year.
I didn't sleep a wink because of your snoring.
I didn't stay until the end of the concert.
I didn't steal it. I just borrowed it.
I didn't steal it. You can check my pockets.
I didn't stick around to see what would happen.
I didn't take any books from the library.
I didn't take it. You can check my pockets.
I didn't take many pictures on my trip.
I didn't take the time to do it properly.
I didn't tell anyone what time I'd be arriving.
I didn't tell my girlfriend anything about this.
I didn't tell Tom everything Mary asked me to tell him.
I didn't think about what I was doing.
I didn't think Boston would be this hot.
I didn't think I was going to win.
I didn't think I'd ever see you again.
I didn't think I'd have enough time to do that.
I didn't think it would be that easy to do that.
I didn't think it would be that easy.
I didn't think it would be that much.
I didn't think that Tom would be absent.
I didn't think that Tom would be so angry.
I didn't think that Tom would understand that.
I didn't think that you could beat me.
I didn't think that you could do that.
I didn't think Tom was the last one to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be able to do that.
I didn't think Tom would go to Boston.
I didn't think we could guarantee your safety.
I didn't think we would be so busy today.
I didn't think we'd be able to get in.
I didn't think you were going to make it.
I didn't think you would win the race.
I didn't think you'd do that by yourselves.
I didn't think you'd let me do that.
I didn't think you'd want to see me again.
I didn't understand much of what they were talking about.
I didn't understand what the writer was trying to say.
I didn't use to like wine, but now I like it a lot.
I didn't want a party on my birthday.
I didn't want anyone to know I was here.
I didn't want anyone to know that I was here.
I didn't want the baby to catch a cold, so I closed the window.
I didn't want the truth to come out.
I didn't want things to end up like this.
I didn't want to admit I was wrong.
I didn't want to admit that I was scared.
I didn't want to admit that I was wrong.
I didn't want to be here in the first place.
I didn't want to come here at all.
I didn't want to do anything to hurt Tom.
I didn't want to do this in the first place.
I didn't want to eat at that restaurant.
I didn't want to embarrass you in front of your friends.
I didn't want to get out of bed.
I didn't want to hurt your feelings, and I regret that I did.
I didn't want to jump into the cold water.
I didn't want to leave without saying thank you.
I didn't want to look stupid in front of my friends.
I didn't want to make a fool of myself.
I didn't want to make you feel uncomfortable.
I didn't want to spend any more time alone.
I didn't want to spend any more time cleaning the kitchen floor.
I didn't want to spend any more time in bed.
I didn't want to spend any more time in jail.
I didn't want to spend any more time than necessary cooking for my family.
I didn't want to spend any more time working on that project.
I didn't want to take all the money.
I didn't want to take over the family business.
I didn't want to tell you over the phone.
I didn't want to tell you that on the phone.
I didn't want to waste so much time.
I didn't want to work late, but the boss told me that I had to.
I didn't want Tom to get in any trouble.
I didn't want Tom to get in trouble.
I didn't want Tom to go anywhere without me.
I didn't want Tom to think I was stupid.
I didn't want you to feel you were alone.
I didn't want you to make a fuss.
I didn't want you to miss your bus.
I didn't want you to see me crying.
I didn't want you to tell Tom about what we did.
I didn't win, but at least I got a consolation prize.
I discouraged him from going swimming because it looked like it was going to rain.
I discouraged him from going swimming since it looked like it was going to rain.
I discovered too late that I left out the most important part of my speech.
I discussed it with my father and decided to change my job.
I dislike living in such a noisy place.
I do hope there'll be people I know at the party.
I do hope Tom does what he says he'll do.
I do hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
I do not agree with you at all.
I do not believe in the existence of God.
I do not doubt it in the least.
I do not doubt that he is sincere.
I do not have the courage to ask my boss to lend me his car.
I do not know how to use it.
I do not know if it is love.
I do not know when she can come.
I do not know who is good enough for him.
I do not like tea, so I generally drink coffee for breakfast.
I do not like the way he talks.
I do not like the way he treats others.
I do not like wearing anybody else's clothes.
I do not think he will ever get over the loss of his wife.
I do not think that he will come.
I do not think that she is at home.
I do not understand the exact meaning of this sentence.
I do not want to reply to his letter.
I do that more than once a week.
I don't agree with segregation of people by race.
I don't agree with the government's policy on education.
I don't agree with you on this point.
I don't agree with your methods at all.
I don't allow my children to eat junk food.
I don't always wear a tie to work.
I don't answer the phone when I'm working.
I don't anticipate that to be a problem.
I don't approve of the way he bullies others.
I don't approve of your going out with him.
I don't believe a word of what people have been saying about her.
I don't believe half of what I've been told about you.
I don't believe in astrology, but that doesn't mean that I don't read my horoscope.
I don't believe that black cats cause bad luck.
I don't believe that he's telling the truth.
I don't believe that Santa Claus is imaginary.
I don't believe that Tom can speak French.
I don't believe that Tom is the murderer.
I don't believe the child came to Tokyo alone.
I don't believe this is happening to me.
I don't believe Tom would do something like that.
I don't believe you. You're always telling lies.
I don't blame you for the accident. It wasn't your fault.
I don't buy dairy products because I'm lactose intolerant.
I don't care a bit about the future.
I don't care about any of those things.
I don't care as long as you are happy.
I don't care for that sort of thing.
I don't care for the way he talks.
I don't care how long ago it was.
I don't care how long the list is.
I don't care how much it costs. I'm going to buy it anyway.
I don't care how much money it costs.
I don't care how much you want it. I'm not going to give it to you.
I don't care how you do it. Just do it.
I don't care if I live or die.
I don't care if it's a bit cold.
I don't care if our team wins or not.
I don't care if people think I'm weird.
I don't care if the early bird gets the worm. I want to sleep.
I don't care if Tom comes or not.
I don't care if you go or not.
I don't care if you go or not. I'm going anyway.
I don't care if you help me or not.
I don't care if you're busy. Please help me now.
I don't care much whether you believe me or not.
I don't care that Tom doesn't like me.
I don't care what people think about the way I dress.
I don't care what the doctor says. I'm going to eat whatever I want.
I don't care what you do with it.
I don't care what you do with your money.
I don't care what you say. It's not going to happen!
I don't care what you think of me.
I don't care where I go to school.
I don't care where I work as long as I can get a job.
I don't care where we eat dinner. It's entirely up to you.
I don't care whether he agrees or not.
I don't care whether he leaves or stays.
I don't care who pays, as long as it isn't me.
I don't care who Tom is talking to.
I don't care who we give it to.
I don't care who your father is. You still have to follow my orders.
I don't care why Tom did it. I'm just glad he did it.
I don't care why Tom did it. I'm just glad he did.
I don't dare tell him such a thing.
I don't do that as often as I'd like to.
I don't do that now, but I used to when I was younger.
I don't do that the same way you do.
I don't doubt that he will help me.
I don't drink beer. I do, however, drink wine.
I don't earn enough money to buy clothes regularly.
I don't eat as much as you do.
I don't eat as much meat as I used to.
I don't eat at home as often as I used to.
I don't eat meat as often as I used to.
I don't eat out as often as I'd like.
I don't enjoy teaching children to swim when their parents are around.
I don't even have time for a walk.
I don't even know how old Tom is.
I don't even know if I want to do this anymore.
I don't even know if Tom is still alive.
I don't even know where to start looking.
I don't even know who has stolen what.
I don't even want to hazard a guess.
I don't even want to know who you are.
I don't even want to think about it.
I don't even want to think about what could happen.
I don't ever want to hear this song again.
I don't ever want to leave this room.
I don't ever want to see you again.
I don't ever want to talk about it.
I don't ever want us to be apart.
I don't expect to be as busy tomorrow as I am today.
I don't expect you to be my friend.
I don't feed my dog in the morning.
I don't feel comfortable posing in the nude.
I don't feel like doing my math homework now.
I don't feel like eating out this evening.
I don't feel like going out right now.
I don't feel like going out these days.
I don't feel like going out this morning.
I don't feel like going to bed yet.
I don't feel like going to the movies tonight.
I don't feel like going to the movies. Let's take a walk instead.
I don't feel like I'm old at all.
I don't feel like studying at all tonight.
I don't feel like studying today. Let's go to a soccer game.
I don't feel like taking a walk this morning.
I don't feel like taking my dog for a walk this morning.
I don't feel like working today, so let's go play soccer.
I don't feel like working. How about going to a movie instead?
I don't feel much like talking right now.
I don't feel safe in my own home.
I don't feel that way about you anymore.
I don't feel up to eating anything tonight.
I don't feel up to playing tennis right now.
I don't feel up to running to the station.
I don't feel very well. I should go home.
I don't feel well today and prefer to stay at home.
I don't feel well. Could you give me some medicine?
I don't fight with Tom as much as I used to.
I don't get home as often as I'd like to.
I don't get paid as much as I'd like.
I don't get paid very much to do that.
I don't get the meaning of all of this.
I don't get up as early as my mother.
I don't get up early in the morning.
I don't get very many opportunities to talk with native speakers.
I don't get what the author means there.
I don't get what the fuss is all about.
I don't go hunting as often as I used to.
I don't go in for that sort of thing.
I don't go jogging as often as I used to.
I don't go shopping as often as I used to.
I don't go to a very good school.
I don't go to the movies as often as I'd like.
I don't have a bicycle, let alone a car.
I don't have a brother or a sister.
I don't have a brother, but I have two sisters.
I don't have a can opener, so I can't get this can open.
I don't have a car, but my sister does.
I don't have a CD player, but I bought the CD anyway.
I don't have a chain saw, but I know somebody who does.
I don't have a chain saw, but I know someone who does.
I don't have a choice. I have to do it.
I don't have a clue who he is.
I don't have a credit card or a bank account.
I don't have a dress good enough for such an occasion.
I don't have a good feeling about this.
I don't have a lot of money, but I get along somehow.
I don't have a lot of time for this.
I don't have a lot of time right now.
I don't have a lot of time. Can you take care of it?
I don't have a penny to my name.
I don't have a prejudice against foreign workers.
I don't have a radio in my room.
I don't have a TV at my place.
I don't have an alibi for Monday night.
I don't have any friends to help me.
I don't have any friends to talk to.
I don't have any ideas at this time.
I don't have any information on that subject.
I don't have any memory of doing that.
I don't have any money on me today.
I don't have any money to pay for the bus.
I don't have any money, but I have dreams.
I don't have any more time to talk with you.
I don't have any plans for the weekend.
I don't have any problem getting to sleep.
I don't have any small change on me.
I don't have any time to watch TV.
I don't have anybody else to turn to.
I don't have anybody who'll listen to me.
I don't have anything else planned for today.
I don't have anything to do right now.
I don't have anything to give to you.
I don't have anything to say on that subject.
I don't have anything to say to you.
I don't have as much experience as you.
I don't have as much free time as you do.
I don't have as much money as I used to have.
I don't have as much money as you think I do.
I don't have as much money as you think.
I don't have as much patience as you do.
I don't have enough money on me right now to pay you what I owe you.
I don't have enough money to buy a new bicycle.
I don't have enough money to buy a ticket.
I don't have enough money to buy everything I need.
I don't have enough money to buy it.
I don't have enough money to buy this.
I don't have enough money to buy what I want.
I don't have enough money to pay for the operation that I need.
I don't have enough money to pay this month's rent.
I don't have enough money, so I can't go.
I don't have enough money, so I couldn't go with you even if I wanted to.
I don't have enough time to eat lunch today.
I don't have good luck, so I don't play pachinko or buy lottery tickets.
I don't have many friends outside of school.
I don't have money, but I have dreams.
I don't have much money in my bank account.
I don't have much money in the bank.
I don't have the authority to do that.
I don't have the authority to give you permission.
I don't have the authority to order that.
I don't have the faintest clue what this means.
I don't have the guts to say no.
I don't have the money to buy a car.
I don't have the money to buy that book.
I don't have the money to buy that dictionary.
I don't have the money to do that.
I don't have the necessary skills to do that.
I don't have the nerve to watch it.
I don't have the strength to do that anymore.
I don't have the strength to keep trying.
I don't have the time or the money.
I don't have the time to do that right now.
I don't have the time to help you right now.
I don't have the will power to quit smoking.
I don't have time for a vacation this year.
I don't have time for all of this.
I don't have time for this right now.
I don't have time to answer any questions.
I don't have time to argue with you.
I don't have time to be bothered by such small things.
I don't have time to deal with chumps like you.
I don't have time to deal with this letter. Could you deal with it?
I don't have time to deal with this right now.
I don't have time to do everything that needs to be done.
I don't have time to do my homework.
I don't have time to do that now.
I don't have time to do that this afternoon.
I don't have time to do that today.
I don't have time to do the laundry.
I don't have time to do what I want to do.
I don't have time to explain it now.
I don't have time to finish my homework.
I don't have time to go there today.
I don't have time to go to the movies.
I don't have time to help you now.
I don't have time to help you with your homework.
I don't have time to make you a sandwich.
I don't have time to say this twice, so listen carefully.
I don't have time to take a break.
I don't have time to talk to you now.
I don't have to apologize for what I said.
I don't have to be here. I'm here because I want to be.
I don't have to do anything right now.
I don't have to do that if I don't want to, do I?
I don't have to go to school tomorrow.
I don't have to go to the doctor any more. I'm feeling much better.
I don't have to know who told Tom that.
I don't have to put up with this.
I don't have to study tonight. I think I'll watch television for a while.
I don't have to wear glasses any more.
I don't have to worry about finding a job.
I don't have to worry about my weight.
I don't intend to be here all day.
I don't intend to get mixed up in your business.
I don't intend to help Tom do anything.
I don't intend to leave it to chance.
I don't intend to make a deal with the devil.
I don't intend to use this any longer.
I don't know about the others, but as for me, I'm for it.
I don't know about you, but I feel pretty good today.
I don't know about you, but I'm starved.
I don't know about you, but I'm starving.
I don't know any more than you do.
I don't know any of the five ladies.
I don't know any other way to do it.
I don't know anybody here in this town.
I don't know anybody who can do that.
I don't know anybody who doesn't like Christmas.
I don't know anyone that can do that.
I don't know anyone who doesn't like Christmas.
I don't know anyone who matches that description.
I don't know anything about it at all.
I don't know either of the two sisters.
I don't know exactly how or why that happened.
I don't know exactly how to do this.
I don't know exactly when he will arrive.
I don't know exactly when I will be back.
I don't know exactly when I'll be back.
I don't know for certain when he will arrive.
I don't know how deep the lake is.
I don't know how else to explain it.
I don't know how else to put it.
I don't know how else to say it.
I don't know how he can live in this mess.
I don't know how I could've been so blind.
I don't know how I could've made such a mistake.
I don't know how I did it. What's important is that I did it.
I don't know how I'm going to do that.
I don't know how it's going to end.
I don't know how long I can stay.
I don't know how long I was unconscious.
I don't know how long it's going to take.
I don't know how long the meeting is going to last.
I don't know how many minutes we've got.
I don't know how many more times I'll be able to do this.
I don't know how many years ago it was, but it was certainly more than three.
I don't know how much longer I can do this.
I don't know how much money Tom and Mary spend.
I don't know how much money we've got.
I don't know how much the ticket costs.
I don't know how much this motorcycle is.
I don't know how much those two bikes cost.
I don't know how much time it'll take.
I don't know how much time I've got.
I don't know how much time we have left.
I don't know how much time we have.
I don't know how other people do it.
I don't know how to answer that question.
I don't know how to be more clear.
I don't know how to buy a ticket.
I don't know how to change a tire.
I don't know how to deal with this.
I don't know how to do that yet.
I don't know how to draw a bird.
I don't know how to drive a car.
I don't know how to explain this any better.
I don't know how to express my thanks.
I don't know how to get to the police station.
I don't know how to interpret his words.
I don't know how to make you happy.
I don't know how to open this lock.
I don't know how to operate a spinning wheel.
I don't know how to persuade Tom to help us.
I don't know how to play the flute.
I don't know how to pronounce her name.
I don't know how to pronounce his name.
I don't know how to pronounce Tom's last name.
I don't know how to prove this math equation.
I don't know how to reply to that question.
I don't know how to ride a horse.
I don't know how to say goodbye in French.
I don't know how to solve this problem.
I don't know how to spell the word.
I don't know how to swim very well.
I don't know how to talk to kids.
I don't know how to tell Tom this bad news.
I don't know how to tell you this.
I don't know how to thank you enough.
I don't know how to thank you for your kindness.
I don't know how to thank you guys.
I don't know how to tie my shoes.
I don't know how to use a VCR.
I don't know how Tom got my phone number.
I don't know how we're going to do that.
I don't know how you can believe such nonsense.
I don't know how you can stand Tom.
I don't know how you can tolerate doing this over and over again.
I don't know how you did it, but you did it.
I don't know how you lasted five years in that job.
I don't know how you stayed in that job all this time.
I don't know how, but I did it.
I don't know how, but you did it.
I don't know if he is a doctor.
I don't know if he locked the door.
I don't know if he will visit us next Sunday.
I don't know if he would have done it for me.
I don't know if I can believe that.
I don't know if I can do it.
I don't know if I can do that again.
I don't know if I can do this anymore.
I don't know if I can do this job.
I don't know if I can do this.
I don't know if I can handle this alone.
I don't know if I can help or not.
I don't know if I can make it to your party or not.
I don't know if I can make it without you.
I don't know if I can speak French well enough to explain this properly.
I don't know if I can trust you.
I don't know if I could do that.
I don't know if I have enough money.
I don't know if I have enough time.
I don't know if I should accept the job or not.
I don't know if I should stay or run.
I don't know if I should tell him.
I don't know if I should tell you.
I don't know if I still have it.
I don't know if I want to do that.
I don't know if I'll be able to help you on Monday.
I don't know if I'll be able to help you.
I don't know if I'll have time to do it.
I don't know if I'll have time tomorrow.
I don't know if I'm allowed to do that.
I don't know if I'm ready for this.
I don't know if it'll rain tomorrow or not.
I don't know if it's important or not.
I don't know if it's what he wants or not.
I don't know if it's what he wants.
I don't know if I've ever told you, but you have beautiful eyes.
I don't know if I've got time to do that.
I don't know if she will go there with me.
I don't know if that's a good idea.
I don't know if that's a good thing or a bad thing.
I don't know if that's wise or not.
I don't know if they still live there.
I don't know if this is the right thing to do or not.
I don't know if this will be enough.
I don't know if today is Monday or Tuesday.
I don't know if Tom is going to be home this afternoon.
I don't know if Tom still lives in Boston.
I don't know if we want to do that.
I don't know if we're going to be able to do that.
I don't know if we're going to be able to make it to Australia for Christmas.
I don't know if we're going to be able to make it to Boston for Christmas.
I don't know if we're going to make it on time.
I don't know if you like it or not.
I don't know if you'll be here when I return.
I don't know my address yet. I'm going to stay with my friend for a while.
I don't know the exact length of this bridge.
I don't know the exact place I was born.
I don't know the exact place that I was born.
I don't know the exact place where I was born.
I don't know the first thing about fishing.
I don't know the name of that temple.
I don't know the origin of the rumor.
I don't know the reason for her absence.
I don't know the reason he is absent today.
I don't know the reason why he was absent.
I don't know the reason why he went there.
I don't know the woman who's talking to our teacher.
I don't know Tom well enough to know whether I like him or not.
I don't know what advice to give you.
I don't know what could've happened to it.
I don't know what else I can do.
I don't know what else I can say.
I don't know what else I could've done.
I don't know what else to tell you.
I don't know what else we can do.
I don't know what else we should do.
I don't know what happened after we left.
I don't know what has become of him.
I don't know what has gotten into you.
I don't know what has happened to him.
I don't know what he's trying to say.
I don't know what I can do to help.
I don't know what I want right now.
I don't know what I want to do with my life.
I don't know what I want to do yet.
I don't know what I would do without you.
I don't know what I would've done without you.
I don't know what I'd do in that situation.
I don't know what I'd do without it.
I don't know what I'd do without you.
I don't know what I'll do after Christmas.
I don't know what I'm going to do next.
I don't know what I'm going to do now.
I don't know what I'm going to do with you.
I don't know what I'm going to do yet.
I don't know what I'm going to do.
I don't know what I'm going to eat tonight.
I don't know what I'm going to tell Tom.
I don't know what it is, but it's something very big.
I don't know what I've been so afraid of.
I don't know what kind of person he is.
I don't know what more I can do to help.
I don't know what more I can say.
I don't know what motivated me to come here.
I don't know what plan he will try.
I don't know what that animal is called.
I don't know what the big deal is.
I don't know what the consequences will be.
I don't know what the meeting will be about.
I don't know what they're saying, but I know that they're speaking French.
I don't know what they're saying, but I know they're speaking French.
I don't know what this fruit is called, but it's delicious.
I don't know what this symbol stands for.
I don't know what this word means. I'll look it up in the dictionary.
I don't know what to do about it.
I don't know what to do from now on.
I don't know what to do or what to say.
I don't know what to do right now.
I don't know what to do with it.
I don't know what to do with this stuff.
I don't know what to do with this.
I don't know what to do with those leftovers.
I don't know what to eat for dinner.
I don't know what to feed my dog.
I don't know what to make of this.
I don't know what to say about that.
I don't know what to say to make you feel better.
I don't know what to say to Tom.
I don't know what to think of this.
I don't know what Tom said to Mary.
I don't know what Tom wants to do.
I don't know what we're going to find, but we should find something.
I don't know what would happen if I ever lost you.
I don't know what you heard about me.
I don't know what you want me to say.
I don't know what you want to do.
I don't know what you want to hear.
I don't know what you're cooking, but it smells really good.
I don't know what you're so worried about.
I don't know what's going on around here, but I intend to find out.
I don't know what's going on around here.
I don't know what's going to happen to you.
I don't know what's the matter with me.
I don't know when he got back from France.
I don't know when I can get away.
I don't know when I can take a break.
I don't know when I'll be able to help you.
I don't know when I'll be able to pay you back the money I owe you.
I don't know when I'll get around to visiting you.
I don't know when I'll have time to finish reading the rest of this book.
I don't know when it happened, but it happened.
I don't know when my mother will come back.
I don't know when the meeting started, but it started at least thirty minutes ago.
I don't know when the prisoners will be released.
I don't know when this photo was taken.
I don't know when, but it'll happen someday.
I don't know where he is or what he's doing.
I don't know where I put my cell phone.
I don't know where I put my keys, but I left them in here somewhere.
I don't know where I'll be living next year.
I don't know where I'll be next year.
I don't know where my crutches are. Have you seen them?
I don't know where my French textbook is.
I don't know where my ski gloves are.
I don't know where the bus stop is.
I don't know where they hid the key.
I don't know where to go or what to do.
I don't know where to look for them.
I don't know where to wait for her.
I don't know where Tom bought his umbrella.
I don't know where Tom will live next year.
I don't know where we'll be next year.
I don't know where we'll live next year.
I don't know where you have to go.
I don't know where you learn these things.
I don't know whether agreeing was the right thing for me to do.
I don't know whether he is dead or alive.
I don't know whether he will agree to our plan or not.
I don't know whether he will come or not.
I don't know whether he'll come by train or by car.
I don't know whether he'll come or not.
I don't know whether he's younger or older than I am.
I don't know whether I did the right thing by accepting.
I don't know whether I have time to do that.
I don't know whether I should laugh or cry.
I don't know whether I will have time to do it.
I don't know whether I'll be able to attend tomorrow's meeting.
I don't know whether it is true or not.
I don't know whether it's going to work.
I don't know whether it's important to you, but it's very important to me.
I don't know whether I've got time to do that.
I don't know whether the story is true or not.
I don't know whether this answer is correct.
I don't know whether to accept or refuse.
I don't know whether to be happy or not.
I don't know whether to believe him or not.
I don't know whether to cry or to laugh.
I don't know whether to laugh or cry.
I don't know whether to leave or stay.
I don't know whether to smile or cry.
I don't know whether to turn left or right.
I don't know whether Tom is at school or not.
I don't know whether Tom is interested in this or not.
I don't know whether Tom is telling the truth or not.
I don't know whether Tom still lives here or not.
I don't know whether we can fix the problem, but we can mitigate its effects.
I don't know whether you like her or not.
I don't know whether you're happy or not.
I don't know which of you came first.
I don't know which of you is crazier.
I don't know which of you is older.
I don't know who any of you are.
I don't know who else to turn to for help.
I don't know who I can ask for advice.
I don't know who I can trust anymore.
I don't know who I should ask to help me.
I don't know who I'll miss more, you or your brother.
I don't know who I'm going to choose.
I don't know who my real parents are.
I don't know who needs to do that.
I don't know who they are, but they don't look friendly.
I don't know who to give this package to.
I don't know who to give this to.
I don't know who Tom did that with.
I don't know who Tom gave that to.
I don't know who you are and I don't care.
I don't know who's going to help us.
I don't know who's in charge of the business.
I don't know why and I don't care.
I don't know why he quit the company.
I don't know why he said that to me.
I don't know why I bother coming here.
I don't know why I bother repeating myself.
I don't know why I bother with you.
I don't know why I even bother anymore.
I don't know why I have to do this.
I don't know why I just did that.
I don't know why I keep doing that.
I don't know why I reacted that way.
I don't know why I thought it would be different this time.
I don't know why I was so nervous.
I don't know why I'm in a bad mood this morning.
I don't know why it's taking so long.
I don't know why my wife left me.
I don't know why that should surprise me.
I don't know why the baby is crying.
I don't know why the meeting was postponed.
I don't know why they do it, but they do.
I don't know why they hate each other so much.
I don't know why they're so angry at us.
I don't know why they're so angry with us.
I don't know why Tom didn't do it.
I don't know why Tom didn't want us there.
I don't know why Tom doesn't like Boston.
I don't know why Tom hates me so much.
I don't know why Tom is always complaining.
I don't know why Tom is looking for Mary.
I don't know why Tom is scared of me.
I don't know why Tom is so sad.
I don't know why we have to stop.
I don't know why we need to do that.
I don't know why you didn't tell me immediately.
I don't know why you didn't tell the truth.
I don't know why you don't like him.
I don't know why you don't like me.
I don't know why you don't like Tom.
I don't know why you want me to do that.
I don't know why you want me to do this.
I don't know why you're all so angry.
I don't know why you're all so jumpy.
I don't know why you're all so upset.
I don't know yet what I want to do.
I don't know yet, but I'll find out soon enough.
I don't know, but I'm going to find out.
I don't laugh as often as I used to.
I don't lend my books to any of the students.
I don't let my children go out at night.
I don't like being made a fool of.
I don't like being the first one to show up at a party.
I don't like being told what to do.
I don't like being treated like a child.
I don't like cold weather, but Tom does.
I don't like doing that, but I'll do it anyway.
I don't like eating ice cream in the winter.
I don't like either of the two clocks.
I don't like fish very much and hardly ever eat it.
I don't like fish with lots of bones.
I don't like going out by myself at night.
I don't like her, because she always puts on airs.
I don't like him because he is sly as a fox.
I don't like him coming to my house so often.
I don't like it any more than you do.
I don't like it when people ask me to do things for them.
I don't like it when you bring work home.
I don't like it when you dance with Tom.
I don't like it when you do that.
I don't like it when you stare at me.
I don't like it when you're so busy.
I don't like leaving the job half done.
I don't like lying, but sometimes I think it's necessary.
I don't like meat. I prefer a vegetarian diet.
I don't like my wife calling me at work.
I don't like my wife to call me at work.
I don't like other people touching my things.
I don't like people to know that I can't speak French well.
I don't like people who aren't on time.
I don't like people who get angry easily.
I don't like seeing young girls wearing makeup.
I don't like such sports as tennis and golf.
I don't like taking care of the garden.
I don't like talking about this kind of thing.
I don't like that lawyer you hired for me.
I don't like the atmosphere of that school.
I don't like the dress that you're wearing.
I don't like the house he lives in.
I don't like the people I work with.
I don't like the polluted atmosphere of big cities.
I don't like the shape of this hat.
I don't like the tie that you're wearing.
I don't like the way he looks at you.
I don't like the way he speaks to me.
I don't like the way she speaks to me.
I don't like the way this is going.
I don't like the way Tom makes spaghetti.
I don't like the way you do that.
I don't like the way you laugh at her.
I don't like the way you talk to me.
I don't like the way you're talking to me.
I don't like this pair of shoes either.
I don't like this shirt. Show me another.
I don't like this skirt. It always rides up.
I don't like this tie. Show me a better one.
I don't like this tie. Show me another one.
I don't like to be away too long.
I don't like to be corrected in public.
I don't like to draw attention to myself.
I don't like to eat fish with many bones.
I don't like to eat garlic in the morning.
I don't like to go out after dark.
I don't like to go out when it's dark.
I don't like to go out without a coat on such a cold day.
I don't like to inhale someone's smoke while I'm working.
I don't like to leave things up in the air.
I don't like to lend money to anybody.
I don't like to see food go to waste.
I don't like to sit too close to the screen.
I don't like to stay at home by myself.
I don't like to swim in the pool.
I don't like to take on such heavy responsibilities.
I don't like to take on the heavy responsibilities.
I don't like to talk about my past.
I don't like to travel with a lot of luggage.
I don't like to wear shoes without socks.
I don't like Tom and I don't trust him.
I don't like Tom very much, to be honest.
I don't like Tom, but he's the best person for the job.
I don't like traveling with lots of luggage.
I don't like watching late night TV shows.
I don't like what you did to Tom.
I don't like working on an empty stomach.
I don't like your coming late every day.
I don't make as much money as I'd like to.
I don't make deals with people like you.
I don't mean half of what I say.
I don't mean to poke my nose into your affairs.
I don't mean to pry, but are you having problems at home?
I don't mind even if she doesn't come.
I don't mind helping you clean up after the party.
I don't mind if it's a little cold.
I don't mind if you don't do that again.
I don't mind if you open the window.
I don't mind in the slightest who he is.
I don't mind lending you the money provided you pay it back within a month.
I don't much feel like working these days.
I don't need them to do me any favors.
I don't need to be here right now.
I don't need to be lectured by you.
I don't need to be told what to do.
I don't need to go to Australia until next week.
I don't need to go to the doctor.
I don't need to know who gave that to you.
I don't need to know why Tom wants to do that.
I don't need whatever it is you're selling.
I don't need you to come and get me.
I don't need you to pick me up.
I don't need you to take care of me.
I don't need you to tell me how to do it.
I don't need you to wait for me.
I don't need your money. I just need your time.
I don't need your permission to do this.
I don't normally eat this kind of food.
I don't object to your going out to work, but who will look after the children?
I don't often drive over the speed limit.
I don't often eat out with my family.
I don't particularly want to be here at all.
I don't plan on being a waiter all my life.
I don't plan on being here that long.
I don't plan on doing that by myself.
I don't plan to be here that long.
I don't plan to do that by myself.
I don't plan to get divorced from you unless you give me a valid reason.
I don't plan to go back there again.
I don't plan to go back to Boston until Christmas.
I don't plan to vote in the upcoming elections.
I don't play chess as often as I used to.
I don't play tennis as much as I used to.
I don't play the clarinet very well, but I'm pretty good at playing the flute.
I don't poke my nose into other people's business.
I don't procrastinate as much as I used to.
I don't quite understand what you are saying.
I don't quite understand what you're getting at.
I don't read any of the messages that Tom sends me.
I don't read as many books as I used to.
I don't read as much as I'd like.
I don't read this kind of book much.
I don't really care how you do it.
I don't really feel like eating Ethiopian food tonight.
I don't really know how else I can explain that.
I don't really know what was going on.
I don't really know why he wrote the book.
I don't really like to talk about it.
I don't really see what the problem is.
I don't really think there'll be any trouble.
I don't really think we can do that.
I don't really want to be all by myself.
I don't really want to bother you with my problems.
I don't really want to go there by myself.
I don't really want to pay that much for a new car.
I don't really want to see you suffer.
I don't really want to talk about that.
I don't really want to talk about this now.
I don't really want to talk to you.
I don't really want you mad at me.
I don't recall you saying anything about that.
I don't recognize any of the people in the picture.
I don't recognize over half of these names.
I don't recognize this shirt. Whose is it?
I don't recommend eating in that restaurant. The food is awful.
I don't remember actually deciding to do that.
I don't remember ever seeing one of these before.
I don't remember ever seeing you here before.
I don't remember exactly where I put my keys.
I don't remember exactly, but I suppose it was Friday last week.
I don't remember getting paid for the work.
I don't remember how we ended up in Boston.
I don't remember if I did that or not.
I don't remember the last time I climbed a tree.
I don't remember the last time I enjoyed myself this much.
I don't remember the last time I had so much fun.
I don't remember Tom asking us to do that.
I don't remember when this photo was taken.
I don't remember where I bought this hat.
I don't remember where I left my car.
I don't remember where I put my key.
I don't remember you asking me to do that.
I don't remember, but I wish I did.
I don't ride the bus to work anymore.
I don't see a horse, but I see a wolf.
I don't see any reason why I have to apologize.
I don't see any way of doing that.
I don't see anything wrong with your plan.
I don't see eye to eye with him on that matter.
I don't see eye to eye with my father.
I don't see how I can help you.
I don't see how it can end well.
I don't see how that could be possible.
I don't see how that would be possible.
I don't see how that's any of your business.
I don't see how you can eat that stuff.
I don't see how you can ignore this.
I don't see this as a core issue.
I don't see Tom as often as I'd like.
I don't see what else we can do.
I don't see what that has to do with this.
I don't see what the big deal is.
I don't see what the fuss is about.
I don't see what you two are so happy about.
I don't see what you're so concerned about.
I don't see what's so great about that.
I don't see why everyone thinks this book is so good.
I don't see why I have to go to your house at midnight.
I don't see why I need to do this.
I don't see why Tom wanted me to be here today.
I don't see your name on the list.
I don't shampoo my hair in the morning.
I don't smoke or drink. I just do pills.
I don't speak French as often as I used to.
I don't speak French well enough to do that job.
I don't speak French, but I can understand it a bit.
I don't suppose there's much chance of that happening.
I don't suppose you ever really get over the death of a child.
I don't suppose you know anything about this.
I don't switch on the light in my studio at night.
I don't talk about you behind your back.
I don't think about you in that way.
I don't think any more students want to come.
I don't think any of us are happy about what happened.
I don't think any of us should go.
I don't think any of you realize the significance of this.
I don't think anybody can help me now.
I don't think anybody noticed what we did.
I don't think anybody's going to help you.
I don't think anyone can help me now.
I don't think anyone has lived in this house for years.
I don't think anyone noticed what we did.
I don't think anyone really expected you to help.
I don't think anyone really knows the real me.
I don't think being poor is anything to be ashamed of.
I don't think doing that is a bad idea.
I don't think either of us wants that to happen.
I don't think he can handle the truth.
I don't think he has anything to do with the matter.
I don't think he is fit for the job.
I don't think he knows I love you.
I don't think he was being straight with me.
I don't think he's playing with a full deck.
I don't think I can answer that question.
I don't think I can do anything else.
I don't think I can do that tonight.
I don't think I can do this alone.
I don't think I can do this anymore.
I don't think I can do this without you.
I don't think I can do this without your help.
I don't think I can get along with him.
I don't think I can get you to understand how difficult that is.
I don't think I can help you on Monday.
I don't think I can help you very much.
I don't think I can hold on much longer.
I don't think I can keep that promise.
I don't think I can make it to your party.
I don't think I can trust you anymore.
I don't think I can wait any longer.
I don't think I can wait that long.
I don't think I can walk any faster.
I don't think I could ever do that.
I don't think I could ever do this again.
I don't think I could ever get used to this smell.
I don't think I could forgive myself if I did that.
I don't think I could live without you.
I don't think I deserved the punishment I got.
I don't think I have much longer to live.
I don't think I have one of those.
I don't think I have the experience necessary for that job.
I don't think I have the willpower to stop smoking.
I don't think I have to do that again.
I don't think I have what it takes to be a teacher.
I don't think I know anybody in Boston.
I don't think I need your help today.
I don't think I realized how much I loved you.
I don't think I really matter to you.
I don't think I should do that by myself.
I don't think I want to answer any more of your questions right now.
I don't think I want to be here.
I don't think I want to study French with you.
I don't think I want to talk about it.
I don't think I'd enjoy doing that with Tom.
I don't think I'd like you as a friend.
I don't think I'd mind eating Chinese food every day.
I don't think I'd want to do that.
I don't think I'll be able to do what you want me to do.
I don't think I'll be needing anything else.
I don't think I'll ever be forgiven for doing that.
I don't think I'll ever get used to this.
I don't think I'll ever sound like a native speaker no matter how much I try.
I don't think I'll ever sound like a native speaker.
I don't think I'll have enough time to do everything I want to do.
I don't think I'll have the funds by then.
I don't think I'll have the time to do that today.
I don't think I'll let Tom do that today.
I don't think I'll need any more help.
I don't think I'm ever going to be able to do that.
I don't think I'm going to do that.
I don't think I'm the only one who noticed.
I don't think it will rain this afternoon.
I don't think it would be a good idea.
I don't think it would be dangerous to do that.
I don't think it would work as well as you might expect.
I don't think it'll be difficult to do that.
I don't think it'll be hard to do that.
I don't think it'll rain, but I'll take an umbrella in case it does.
I don't think it'll rain, but I'll take an umbrella just in case it does.
I don't think it'll rain, but I'll take an umbrella with me, just in case.
I don't think it'll take very long to paint your bicycle.
I don't think it's a very good idea.
I don't think it's going to be that easy.
I don't think it's good for him to go alone.
I don't think it's necessary for us to do that.
I don't think it's necessary to do that.
I don't think it's possible to do that.
I don't think it's possible to do this.
I don't think it's safe to go out at night by yourself.
I don't think it's safe to go out in this kind of weather.
I don't think it's safe to swim here.
I don't think it's such a bad idea.
I don't think it's such a big deal.
I don't think it's wise to do that now.
I don't think I've ever eaten anything that you would consider disgusting.
I don't think I've ever seen you so busy.
I don't think I've heard that word in a long time.
I don't think many people can say they are satisfied with their salary.
I don't think many people can say they're satisfied with their salary.
I don't think Mary is as pretty as her sister.
I don't think people should make a mountain of a mole hill.
I don't think people use that word anymore.
I don't think she is fit for the job.
I don't think she takes after her mother.
I don't think she'll be happy living with her mother-in-law.
I don't think that any more students want to come.
I don't think that any of us are happy about what happened.
I don't think that any of you realize the significance of this.
I don't think that anybody can help me now.
I don't think that anybody has lived in this house for years.
I don't think that anybody noticed what we did.
I don't think that anybody really understands me.
I don't think that anyone can help me now.
I don't think that anyone has lived in this house for years.
I don't think that anyone noticed what we did.
I don't think that anyone really understands me.
I don't think that anyone thinks you're crazy.
I don't think that anything can be done.
I don't think that anything's going to change.
I don't think that being poor is anything to be ashamed of.
I don't think that children should drink beer.
I don't think that doing that is a bad idea.
I don't think that either of us wants that to happen.
I don't think that his story is true.
I don't think that I can answer that question.
I don't think that I can answer that.
I don't think that I can do anything else.
I don't think that I can do anything.
I don't think that I can do it.
I don't think that I can do that tonight.
I don't think that I can do that without your help.
I don't think that I can do that.
I don't think that I can do this alone.
I don't think that I can do this anymore.
I don't think that I can do this without you.
I don't think that I can do this without your help.
I don't think that I can do this.
I don't think that I can eat this.
I don't think that I can fix it.
I don't think that I can fix this.
I don't think that I can help you on Monday.
I don't think that I can help you very much.
I don't think that I can help you.
I don't think that I can hold on much longer.
I don't think that I can leave early.
I don't think that I can make it to your party.
I don't think that I can trust you anymore.
I don't think that I can wait any longer.
I don't think that I can wait that long.
I don't think that I can walk any faster.
I don't think that I could do that.
I don't think that I could ever do that.
I don't think that I could ever do this again.
I don't think that I could ever get used to this smell.
I don't think that I could forgive myself if I did that.
I don't think that I could live without you.
I don't think that I deserved the punishment I got.
I don't think that I did that correctly.
I don't think that I enjoyed doing that as much as you did.
I don't think that I have a choice.
I don't think that I have enough time.
I don't think that I have much longer to live.
I don't think that I have one of those.
I don't think that I have the experience necessary for that job.
I don't think that I have the willpower to stop smoking.
I don't think that I have what it takes to be a teacher.
I don't think that I know anybody in Boston.
I don't think that I know anyone in Boston.
I don't think that I need your help today.
I don't think that I passed the exam.
I don't think that I passed the test.
I don't think that I realized how much I loved you.
I don't think that I really matter to you.
I don't think that I should do that by myself.
I don't think that I want to answer any more of your questions right now.
I don't think that I want to study French with you.
I don't think that I want to talk about it.
I don't think that I'll be able to do what you want me to do.
I don't think that I'll be able to fix it.
I don't think that I'll be doing that again.
I don't think that I'll be needing anything else.
I don't think that I'll ever get used to this.
I don't think that I'll have enough time to do everything I want to do.
I don't think that I'll have the time to do that today.
I don't think that I'll need any more help.
I don't think that it will rain this afternoon.
I don't think that it works that way.
I don't think that it would be a good idea.
I don't think that it would be difficult to do that.
I don't think that it would work as well as you might expect.
I don't think that it'll be difficult to do that.
I don't think that it'll be hard to do that.
I don't think that it'll be that easy.
I don't think that it'll rain this afternoon.
I don't think that it'll rain, but I'll take an umbrella just in case it does.
I don't think that it'll rain, but I'll take an umbrella with me, just in case.
I don't think that it's a bad idea.
I don't think that it's a bad thing.
I don't think that it's a good idea.
I don't think that it's a very good idea.
I don't think that it's funny at all.
I don't think that it's going to be difficult to do that.
I don't think that it's going to be that easy.
I don't think that it's going to happen.
I don't think that it's my decision alone.
I don't think that it's necessary for us to do that.
I don't think that it's necessary to do that.
I don't think that it's odd at all.
I don't think that it's possible to do that.
I don't think that it's possible to do this.
I don't think that it's safe to go out at night by yourself.
I don't think that it's safe to go out in this kind of weather.
I don't think that it's safe to swim here.
I don't think that it's such a bad idea.
I don't think that it's wise to do that now.
I don't think that I've broken any laws.
I don't think that I've done anything wrong.
I don't think that I've ever seen you so busy.
I don't think that I've heard that word in a long time.
I don't think that many people can say they are satisfied with their salary.
I don't think that many people can say they're satisfied with their salary.
I don't think that Mary is as pretty as her sister.
I don't think that she looks like her mother.
I don't think that that was your fault.
I don't think that that would be a good idea.
I don't think that that's a good idea.
I don't think that that's a real diamond.
I don't think that that's a very good idea.
I don't think that that's going to happen.
I don't think that that's such a good idea.
I don't think that that's the way it works.
I don't think that that's the whole story.
I don't think that that's what I need.
I don't think that the post office is open yet.
I don't think that the zoo is open today.
I don't think that there's any harm in telling you now.
I don't think that there's anything we can do.
I don't think that there's much to worry about.
I don't think that things will change anytime soon.
I don't think that this armchair is comfortable.
I don't think that this is a coincidence.
I don't think that this is a good idea.
I don't think that this is a good time to talk to Tom.
I don't think that this is a problem.
I don't think that this is a very good idea.
I don't think that this is an appropriate time to discuss this.
I don't think that this is for you.
I don't think that this is going to work.
I don't think that this is such a good idea.
I don't think that this is the best time to talk to Tom.
I don't think that this is Tom's umbrella.
I don't think that this is very funny.
I don't think that this old car will make it to the top of the hill.
I don't think that this sentence is grammatically correct.
I don't think that Tom can deal with the situation.
I don't think that Tom can help us.
I don't think that Tom can play the trumpet.
I don't think that Tom can speak French.
I don't think that Tom did his homework by himself.
I don't think that Tom did that on purpose.
I don't think that Tom has anything in his bag.
I don't think that Tom has as much patience as I do.
I don't think that Tom is a good lawyer.
I don't think that Tom is able to do that.
I don't think that Tom is as fast as I am.
I don't think that Tom is as fast as me.
I don't think that Tom is in Boston.
I don't think that Tom is listening to me.
I don't think that Tom is old enough to drive.
I don't think that Tom knows how to dance.
I don't think that Tom knows how to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows how to drive a car.
I don't think that Tom knows I hardly ever do that.
I don't think that Tom knows I'm Canadian.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is here.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary's phone number.
I don't think that Tom knows much about Australia.
I don't think that Tom knows that I'm Canadian.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary's blood type is.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary parked her car.
I don't think that Tom knows who painted that picture.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary went to the hospital.
I don't think that Tom lied to us.
I don't think that Tom likes to ski.
I don't think that Tom needs our help.
I don't think that Tom needs to worry.
I don't think that Tom realized just how much Mary loved him.
I don't think that Tom realizes how rude he's being.
I don't think that Tom really needed to do that.
I don't think that Tom trusts many people.
I don't think that Tom wants to see me.
I don't think that Tom was home on October 20th.
I don't think that Tom will ask me to do that.
I don't think that Tom will be able to convince Mary to do that.
I don't think that Tom will be afraid.
I don't think that Tom will be at school tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom will be back.
I don't think that Tom will believe Mary.
I don't think that Tom will give it back.
I don't think that Tom would do this.
I don't think that Tom would like living here very much.
I don't think that Tom would make a very good boss.
I don't think that Tom would try to do that without our help.
I don't think that Tom would've said that to Mary.
I don't think that TV will ever take the place of books.
I don't think that we can do it that soon.
I don't think that we can do that today.
I don't think that we can take that risk.
I don't think that we could do that even if we tried.
I don't think that we have a choice.
I don't think that we have any choice.
I don't think that we have enough food to feed everyone.
I don't think that we have enough money to buy everything we need.
I don't think that we have enough money.
I don't think that we need permission to do this.
I don't think that we need to do that today.
I don't think that we need to do that.
I don't think that we should be talking about this right now.
I don't think that we should be talking to each other.
I don't think that we should buy this.
I don't think that we should do that now.
I don't think that we should do that until next month.
I don't think that we should do that.
I don't think that we should drink this water.
I don't think that we should eat this.
I don't think that we should go outside today.
I don't think that we should leave the windows open.
I don't think that we should take that kind of risk.
I don't think that we want to go down that road.
I don't think that we'll do that anytime soon.
I don't think that we'll find anyone who can do that for us.
I don't think that we're going to be able to do that.
I don't think that we're ready to do that yet.
I don't think that what we did helped.
I don't think that what you're doing is legal.
I don't think that would be a good idea.
I don't think that you can beat me.
I don't think that you can do this.
I don't think that you can eat that.
I don't think that you can explain that.
I don't think that you can sell that.
I don't think that you did this by yourself.
I don't think that you fully understand the consequences.
I don't think that you have a choice.
I don't think that you have much choice.
I don't think that you need that much money to buy what you need.
I don't think that you need to do that.
I don't think that you realize how much I miss you.
I don't think that you really believe that.
I don't think that you really want to know.
I don't think that you should do that here.
I don't think that you should eat that.
I don't think that you should go there.
I don't think that you should quit your job.
I don't think that you should worry about it too much.
I don't think that you should've done that.
I don't think that you tried hard enough.
I don't think that you want to take that chance.
I don't think that you would do that.
I don't think that you'll be able to persuade Tom to do that.
I don't think that your father would approve.
I don't think that your parents would approve.
I don't think that your plan will work.
I don't think that's a very good idea.
I don't think that's such a good idea.
I don't think that's the way it works.
I don't think the pool is open this weekend.
I don't think the post office is open yet.
I don't think the zoo is open today.
I don't think there's any harm in telling you now.
I don't think there's anything we can do.
I don't think there's much to worry about.
I don't think things will change anytime soon.
I don't think this is a good idea.
I don't think this is a good time to talk to Tom.
I don't think this is a very good idea.
I don't think this is an appropriate time to discuss this.
I don't think this is going to work, to be honest.
I don't think this is going to work.
I don't think this is such a good idea.
I don't think this is the best time to talk to Tom.
I don't think this old car will make it to the top of the hill.
I don't think this sentence is grammatically correct.
I don't think this shirt goes with that red tie.
I don't think Tom and Mary are brother and sister.
I don't think Tom can deal with the situation.
I don't think Tom can play the trumpet.
I don't think Tom did his homework by himself.
I don't think Tom did that on purpose.
I don't think Tom has any chance of winning.
I don't think Tom has anything in his bag.
I don't think Tom has as much patience as I do.
I don't think Tom is a bad person.
I don't think Tom is as fast as I am.
I don't think Tom is as fast as me.
I don't think Tom is listening to me.
I don't think Tom is old enough to drive.
I don't think Tom is planning on helping us.
I don't think Tom knows how to dance.
I don't think Tom knows how to do that.
I don't think Tom knows how to drive a car.
I don't think Tom knows I hardly ever do that.
I don't think Tom knows Mary is here.
I don't think Tom knows much about Australia.
I don't think Tom knows what it feels like.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary's blood type is.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary parked her car.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary isn't here.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary went to the hospital.
I don't think Tom knows you have a boyfriend.
I don't think Tom realized just how much Mary loved him.
I don't think Tom really needed to do that.
I don't think Tom wants to see me.
I don't think Tom wants to spend any more time in Boston.
I don't think Tom was home on October 20th.
I don't think Tom will be at school tomorrow.
I don't think Tom will be coming back.
I don't think Tom will ever be able to afford to buy a house.
I don't think Tom will ever forgive me.
I don't think Tom will give it back.
I don't think Tom would make a very good boss.
I don't think Tom would try to do that without our help.
I don't think TV will ever take the place of books.
I don't think we can afford it now.
I don't think we can do it that soon.
I don't think we can guarantee your safety.
I don't think we can move this piano without some help.
I don't think we can really say that one is right and the other is wrong.
I don't think we can take that risk.
I don't think we could do that even if we tried.
I don't think we have enough money to buy everything we need.
I don't think we need permission to do this.
I don't think we need to do it.
I don't think we need to do that today.
I don't think we need to do that.
I don't think we should be talking about this right now.
I don't think we should be talking to each other.
I don't think we should do that now.
I don't think we should do that until next month.
I don't think we should drink this water.
I don't think we should go outside today.
I don't think we should see each other anymore.
I don't think we should take that kind of risk.
I don't think we want to go down that road.
I don't think we'll do that anytime soon.
I don't think we'll find anyone who can do that for us.
I don't think we're going to be able to catch the train you want to catch.
I don't think we're going to be able to do that.
I don't think we're going to see Tom today.
I don't think we're ready to do that yet.
I don't think what you're doing is legal.
I don't think you did this by yourself.
I don't think you fully understand the consequences.
I don't think you have any other choice.
I don't think you have any other option.
I don't think you need to do that.
I don't think you realize how much I miss you.
I don't think you really want to know.
I don't think you should do that here.
I don't think you should have done that.
I don't think you should quit your job.
I don't think you want to take that chance.
I don't think you'll be able to persuade Tom to do that.
I don't think your seeing him is good for you.
I don't understand a word of what he says.
I don't understand a word of what Tom is saying.
I don't understand and I'm not used to not understanding. Please explain it once more.
I don't understand how I could've made such a mistake.
I don't understand the meaning of the question.
I don't understand the meaning of this phrase.
I don't understand the meaning of this word.
I don't understand the way that he thinks.
I don't understand what all of the fuss is about.
I don't understand what the author is trying to say.
I don't understand what the teacher is saying.
I don't understand what this means at all.
I don't understand what you are talking about.
I don't understand what you want to do.
I don't understand what you're trying to accomplish.
I don't understand what you're trying to achieve.
I don't understand what you're trying to say.
I don't understand why he didn't tell the truth.
I don't understand why I had to do that.
I don't understand why I have to do that.
I don't understand why I need to go to your house at midnight.
I don't understand why people are so afraid of spiders.
I don't understand why pepperoni pizza is so popular.
I don't understand why she doesn't love me anymore.
I don't understand why this has to be done.
I don't understand why this keeps coming loose.
I don't understand why those people are so obnoxious to each other.
I don't understand why Tom brought you here.
I don't understand why you changed your mind.
I don't understand why you don't want to do that.
I don't understand why you don't want to go to Boston with us.
I don't use taxis unless it's absolutely necessary.
I don't usually eat at places like this.
I don't usually eat breakfast because I'd rather sleep as late as I can.
I don't usually eat the same thing Tom does.
I don't usually have to work on Sundays.
I don't usually read this kind of book.
I don't usually stop if the light's yellow.
I don't usually to go to bed before midnight.
I don't usually write this kind of song.
I don't wanna hear a word from you.
I don't want a birthday party this year.
I don't want a gun in my house.
I don't want an apology. I want an explanation.
I don't want anybody to feel sorry for me.
I don't want anyone to find where we buried the treasure.
I don't want anyone to see me like this.
I don't want anything to happen to you.
I don't want children, but my husband does.
I don't want him to get into trouble.
I don't want kids, but my husband does.
I don't want my name on this report.
I don't want my parents to find out that I was drunk.
I don't want my son to be like you.
I don't want that and I know that you don't want that either.
I don't want that and I know you don't want that either.
I don't want them to take advantage of me.
I don't want there to be any chance of our missing the train.
I don't want there to be any misunderstanding.
I don't want this news to be made public yet.
I don't want to be a burden to my parents.
I don't want to be a burden to you.
I don't want to be a disappointment to my parents.
I don't want to be alone my whole life.
I don't want to be alone with Tom.
I don't want to be any more burden to my parents.
I don't want to be friends with Tom.
I don't want to be friends with you.
I don't want to be here when Tom wakes up.
I don't want to be involved in that matter.
I don't want to be involved in this affair.
I don't want to be late for class on the first day.
I don't want to be late for work.
I don't want to be left holding the bag.
I don't want to be like my father.
I don't want to be rich. I just don't want to be poor.
I don't want to be seen in his company.
I don't want to be seen talking to you.
I don't want to be the one who has to do that.
I don't want to be the person who tells Tom that.
I don't want to be tied to one company.
I don't want to be told what to do.
I don't want to become like those people.
I don't want to bother you any longer.
I don't want to bother you guys while you're working.
I don't want to break up with you.
I don't want to burden you with my troubles.
I don't want to buy anything. I'm just looking around.
I don't want to buy it if I don't need it.
I don't want to buy this kind of sofa.
I don't want to buy your old car.
I don't want to call attention to myself.
I don't want to cause anyone any more trouble.
I don't want to cause you any trouble.
I don't want to deal with this anymore.
I don't want to deal with this problem now.
I don't want to deviate from the plan.
I don't want to discourage you from doing that.
I don't want to discuss it over the phone.
I don't want to discuss that with Tom.
I don't want to do any of those things.
I don't want to do anything that might be dangerous.
I don't want to do anything to jeopardize my friendship with you.
I don't want to do it that way.
I don't want to do that again tomorrow.
I don't want to do that at home.
I don't want to do that that way.
I don't want to do that with you.
I don't want to do that without you.
I don't want to do that, but I have to.
I don't want to do this, but you leave me no choice.
I don't want to do your dirty work.
I don't want to drink too much coffee.
I don't want to drive this old car.
I don't want to end up in court.
I don't want to end up in prison.
I don't want to ever see Tom again.
I don't want to force you to go.
I don't want to get anyone in trouble.
I don't want to get bogged down in details.
I don't want to get in the way.
I don't want to get into any trouble.
I don't want to get into the water.
I don't want to get involved in that business.
I don't want to get married too early.
I don't want to get my clothes dirty.
I don't want to get my feet wet.
I don't want to get my hands dirty.
I don't want to get you in trouble.
I don't want to get you into trouble.
I don't want to give anyone false hope.
I don't want to give you my cold.
I don't want to go and Tom doesn't either.
I don't want to go anywhere in particular.
I don't want to go back there ever again.
I don't want to go back to Boston.
I don't want to go back to jail.
I don't want to go back to prison.
I don't want to go back to the orphanage.
I don't want to go bald when I'm still young.
I don't want to go if you don't go with me.
I don't want to go on my own.
I don't want to go out in this kind of weather.
I don't want to go out on a limb.
I don't want to go outside this afternoon.
I don't want to go swimming with you.
I don't want to go there at all.
I don't want to go through another experience like that.
I don't want to go to bed yet.
I don't want to go to school anymore.
I don't want to go to school today.
I don't want to go to school tomorrow.
I don't want to go to sleep right now.
I don't want to go to the dentist.
I don't want to go to the hospital.
I don't want to go to the lake.
I don't want to go to the party.
I don't want to go to the pool.
I don't want to go to work today.
I don't want to go to your wedding.
I don't want to go, and besides it's too late.
I don't want to have children. Is that abnormal?
I don't want to have kids, and I don't want to get married.
I don't want to have to explain this again, so please listen carefully.
I don't want to hear a word from you.
I don't want to hear about all your ex-boyfriends.
I don't want to hear about it again.
I don't want to hear about it anymore.
I don't want to hear about that anymore.
I don't want to hear about your personal problems.
I don't want to hear another complaint about you.
I don't want to hear another word about it!
I don't want to hear another word about this.
I don't want to hear any more excuses.
I don't want to hear any more of your complaining.
I don't want to hear anything more about that.
I don't want to hear your feeble excuses.
I don't want to hear your lame excuses.
I don't want to jump into the cold water.
I don't want to know what you did yesterday.
I don't want to know what you did.
I don't want to know what's going to happen.
I don't want to learn French or English.
I don't want to leave my door unlocked.
I don't want to leave the door open.
I don't want to leave the door unlocked.
I don't want to listen to you complain.
I don't want to live all by myself.
I don't want to live by your rules.
I don't want to live here by myself.
I don't want to live in a big city.
I don't want to live in a country that doesn't want to defend my rights.
I don't want to live in the city.
I don't want to live my life in fear.
I don't want to live my life like this.
I don't want to live on the street.
I don't want to live where I work.
I don't want to live with you anymore.
I don't want to look like a dork.
I don't want to look like a tourist.
I don't want to lose Tom as a friend.
I don't want to make a big deal out of this.
I don't want to participate in the ceremony.
I don't want to pay through the nose for a hotel room.
I don't want to pretend I'm someone I'm not.
I don't want to resign my job at present.
I don't want to respect a man like him.
I don't want to risk breaking my leg.
I don't want to run such a risk.
I don't want to rush you, but let's try to catch the next bus.
I don't want to say that to my girlfriend.
I don't want to see him, let alone go out with him.
I don't want to see Tom ever again.
I don't want to see you here again.
I don't want to see your face again.
I don't want to see your face ever again.
I don't want to share the hotel room with a stranger.
I don't want to sleep on the couch again tonight.
I don't want to speak ill of the dead.
I don't want to speak to anybody else.
I don't want to spend all day doing that.
I don't want to spend any more time than necessary cleaning the house.
I don't want to spend more than $10.
I don't want to spend my whole life here.
I don't want to spend the rest of my life alone.
I don't want to spend the rest of my life here.
I don't want to start anything I can't finish.
I don't want to stay here any longer.
I don't want to step on your toes.
I don't want to stick my nose in your business.
I don't want to stick my nose into your business.
I don't want to stir up old memories.
I don't want to suffer for no reason.
I don't want to take a walk now.
I don't want to take advantage of anyone.
I don't want to take care of a dog.
I don't want to take on any more work.
I don't want to take part in the ceremony.
I don't want to take that kind of risk.
I don't want to take up much of your time.
I don't want to take up too much of your time.
I don't want to talk about it anymore.
I don't want to talk about it further.
I don't want to talk about it now.
I don't want to talk about it right now.
I don't want to talk about it with you.
I don't want to talk about it, OK?
I don't want to talk about that now.
I don't want to talk about that right now.
I don't want to talk about that today.
I don't want to talk about that, OK?
I don't want to talk about the weather.
I don't want to talk about this again.
I don't want to talk about this anymore.
I don't want to talk about this now.
I don't want to talk to a counselor.
I don't want to talk to anyone today.
I don't want to talk to that bloke ever again.
I don't want to talk to you about this.
I don't want to talk to you now.
I don't want to tell my girlfriend that.
I don't want to tell you my dreams.
I don't want to think about what could have happened.
I don't want to think about what could've happened.
I don't want to torment you any longer.
I don't want to wait any longer than necessary.
I don't want to wake the children up.
I don't want to wake the kids up.
I don't want to wake up the children.
I don't want to wake up the kids.
I don't want to walk home by myself.
I don't want to waste my time here.
I don't want to waste my time trying to do this again.
I don't want to waste time on this problem.
I don't want to waste time talking to Tom.
I don't want to watch television this evening.
I don't want to work at a supermarket all my life.
I don't want to work under these conditions.
I don't want Tom going to your office.
I don't want Tom making the same mistakes I made.
I don't want Tom to go to jail.
I don't want Tom to wake Mary up.
I don't want Tom's death on my conscience.
I don't want you anywhere near the medicine cabinet.
I don't want you hanging out with Tom.
I don't want you knocking on my door at two in the morning.
I don't want you to change a thing.
I don't want you to dance with Tom anymore.
I don't want you to do that, Tom.
I don't want you to do what I did.
I don't want you to drive my car.
I don't want you to feel that I'm pressuring you to do this.
I don't want you to get the wrong impression.
I don't want you to go back to Boston.
I don't want you to know my real name.
I don't want you to lie to me.
I don't want you to make the same mistake I made.
I don't want you to quit because of me.
I don't want you to see me naked.
I don't want you to spend money on me.
I don't want you to tell this to anybody.
I don't want you to think I'm crazy.
I don't want you to think I'm nuts.
I don't want you to wake him up.
I don't want you to worry about anything.
I don't want you to worry about me.
I don't want you two talking about me.
I don't wash my hair in the morning.
I don't watch a lot of movies, but I can't resist a good documentary.
I don't watch as much TV as I used to.
I don't watch TV as much as I used to.
I don't worry about that kind of stuff.
I don't worry about those kinds of things anymore.
I don't worry so much about my resume.
I don't yet know how much money we're going to need.
I don't yet know if Tom will be going to Boston on Monday or not.
I don't yet know what I'm going to do.
I don't yet know what we're supposed to do.
I don't yet know whether I need to do that or not.
I don't yet know whether Tom will be going to Boston on Monday or not.
I doubt if he will come on time.
I doubt it'll be very hard for you to get your driver's license.
I doubt that our new boss will be any worse than the old one.
I doubt that something like that would upset Tom.
I doubt that Tom has the courage to do what really needs to be done.
I doubt that Tom is happy with his new job.
I doubt that Tom will be home on October 20th.
I doubt that Tom will wait much longer.
I doubt the new proposal will be accepted.
I doubt this is anything you'd be interested in.
I doubt Tom really needs to do that.
I doubt you'll be able to do that.
I doubted that Tom needed to do that by himself.
I dozed off in the train and slept right past my station.
I drank a cup of coffee to stay awake.
I drank a glass of milk this morning.
I drank a glass of red wine after dinner.
I drank a lot and can't remember much of what happened last night.
I drank beer out of a plastic cup.
I drank more than I was planning to.
I drank out of your glass by mistake.
I drank some of the milk and kept the rest in the refrigerator.
I drank three cups of coffee this morning.
I dream of a quiet life in the country.
I dreamed I had been abducted by aliens.
I dreamt that we were at the beach.
I dressed up as a vampire for Halloween.
I drink a glass of milk every morning.
I drink so much coffee that I don't sleep well.
I drink three or four cups of coffee a day.
I dropped by the bookstore and bought an interesting book.
I dunno if it's a bug or what, but this software doesn't work right.
I earn enough money to support my family.
I earned a lot of money this month.
I eat a bowl of oatmeal every morning.
I eat at that restaurant about three times a week.
I eat chicken more often than I eat beef.
I eat lunch here two or three times a week.
I eat lunch in that restaurant every day.
I eat sushi every chance that I get.
I enforce the rules even though I don't agree with them all.
I enjoy cooking, but I don't like the cleaning up afterwards.
I enjoy sipping on a margarita with salt around the rim.
I enjoyed talking with him at the party.
I enjoyed the concert except that the hall was cold.
I entered the museum through the wrong gate. I should have been more careful.
I entered Tom's office after knocking on the door.
I entrusted my wife with the family finances.
I envy the way Tom is able to get people to seriously consider his ideas.
I escaped the accident by the skin of my teeth.
I especially want to thank our record-breaking sales team.
I estimate that the work will cost more than $10,000.
I estimate the production costs to be 36 percent of the budget.
I even wrote a speech just in case I was asked to give one.
I exchanged some yen for dollars at the bank.
I exhausted myself by walking a long distance.
I expect a subway station will be here in the future.
I expect him to come along any day now.
I expect him to get over the shock of his failure.
I expect that Tom will pass the exam.
I expect Tom won't want to do that.
I expect you all to do your best.
I expect you to give me an answer by this afternoon.
I expect you to tell me the truth.
I expected to be paid more than this.
I expected you to be here for lunch.
I explained the rules of the game to him.
I explained the rules of the game to them.
I explained to the host that I had been delayed by a traffic jam.
I explained why we had to do it.
I explicitly told Tom not to do that.
I failed the exam because I didn't study.
I failed the test because I didn't study.
I failed to catch the last bus, and came home by taxi.
I failed to go to his birthday party.
I fall asleep in the class every now and then.
I faxed Tom the information he asked for.
I fear that I might not be able to help you.
I fear this work will take up most of my time.
I fed my dog what I thought was good quality dog food.
I feed my dog just before I eat dinner.
I feed my dog meat at least once a week.
I feel a lot better now, but I know Dad's going to be real upset.
I feel ashamed that I got such bad marks in the examination.
I feel bad about having made you wait so long.
I feel bad about the way things happened.
I feel bad that I can't come today.
I feel bad that I haven't paid you yet.
I feel better when I drink hot lemon juice.
I feel cold. Do you mind closing the window?
I feel cold. Would you shut the window, please?
I feel completely restored after a week in the country.
I feel depressed because there are a lot of things I have to do.
I feel dizzy every time I get up.
I feel happier than I've ever felt before.
I feel it's a tad risky to do that.
I feel like a kid who suddenly realizes that Santa Claus doesn't exist.
I feel like everyone is talking about me behind my back.
I feel like going out rather than staying at home today.
I feel like going to bed early tonight.
I feel like going to the movies, but I still have to do my homework.
I feel like I could sleep all day.
I feel like I have to be there.
I feel like I haven't slept for days.
I feel like I let the team down.
I feel like I should say something, but I don't know what.
I feel like I'm always in a hurry.
I feel like I'm coming down with something.
I feel like I'm going to be lucky tonight.
I feel like I'm going to be OK.
I feel like I've already seen this movie.
I feel like I've been transported back to the Dark Ages.
I feel like life is passing me by.
I feel like my head is going to explode.
I feel like taking a day off tomorrow.
I feel like telling him what I think of him.
I feel like this is going to end badly.
I feel like this isn't going to end well.
I feel like you don't really care about me.
I feel like you're keeping something from me.
I feel listless and have a throbbing headache.
I feel more alert after drinking a cup of coffee.
I feel sad when I think about all the people who die in wars.
I feel sleepy when I listen to soft music.
I feel so happy when I'm with you.
I feel sort of dizzy and I feel like throwing up.
I feel strange today and I don't understand why.
I feel sympathy for people with that disease.
I feel terrible about the way things happened.
I feel terrible, but I've just broken your ashtray.
I feel the need to do something different today.
I feel the same way about it as you do.
I feel the same way about you as you do about me.
I feel the same way as you do.
I feel there is just no way out.
I feel very sick. I want to throw up.
I feel worse today than I did yesterday.
I fell asleep before my father came home.
I fell asleep in the middle of the lecture.
I fell asleep this afternoon at the office.
I fell asleep while I was doing my homework.
I fell asleep while I was watching TV.
I fell asleep while studying at my desk.
I fell down really hard and got a black bruise on my knee.
I fell down the stairs in my haste.
I fell in love in an unlikely place.
I fell in love with a girl I met in Boston last year.
I fell in love with a married man.
I fell in love with someone my parents didn't like.
I fell in love with you the moment I saw you.
I fell sound asleep before I knew it.
I felt a drop of rain on my head.
I felt a light touch on my shoulder.
I felt a sudden pain in my side.
I felt as if I had no choice.
I felt as if I were in a dream.
I felt I just had to get off the ship.
I felt it my duty to do so.
I felt it was my duty to do it.
I felt it was necessary, so I did it.
I felt like a bird in a cage.
I felt like an outcast among those people.
I felt like going out for a walk.
I felt like I was going to die.
I felt like I was in a dream.
I felt like singing loudly when the exam was over.
I felt my hands shaking and my heart beating fast.
I felt my heart pound after running a little.
I felt my phone vibrate in my pocket.
I felt my phone vibrating in my pocket.
I felt out of place in the expensive restaurant.
I felt quite relieved after I had said all I wanted to say.
I felt relieved when all the troubles were taken care of.
I felt relieved when my plane landed safely.
I felt so sleepy that I could hardly keep my eyes open.
I felt somebody pat me on the shoulder.
I felt somebody patting on my shoulder from behind.
I felt sorry for her when I heard her story.
I felt that he skirted around the most important issues.
I felt that my life was in danger.
I felt the sweat trickle down my brow.
I felt the wind blowing on my face.
I felt tired from having worked for hours.
I felt very relieved when I heard the news.
I felt winded after running up the stairs.
I figure it'll take one or two days.
I figure that it'll take one or two days.
I figure that she will succeed in her business.
I figured a change of scenery might do us good.
I figured I could be of some help.
I figured I might be able to help.
I figured it was better not to go without you.
I figured it would be easy to do.
I figured it wouldn't hurt to wait for a few more minutes.
I figured out a way to make more money.
I figured out why the machine wouldn't work.
I figured that I might be able to help.
I figured that that would make you laugh.
I figured that this might come in handy.
I figured that Tom would never find it.
I figured that you could use some help.
I figured that you might change your mind.
I figured that you might need some help.
I figured that you must be hungry by now.
I figured that you'd probably never want to see me again.
I figured you must be hungry by now.
I figured you wouldn't want the teacher to know you hadn't done your homework yet.
I figured you wouldn't want to go there without me.
I figured you'd probably never want to see me again.
I finally broke down and bought the game my son had been asking me for.
I finally decided to go and see Tom.
I finally feel like everything's going my way.
I finally found a pair of shoes that fit.
I finally found a place where we can be alone.
I finally found a use for this old thing.
I finally found out what had been causing the pain in my leg.
I finally found out what was wrong with my TV.
I finally found the solution to the problem.
I finally found time to sit down and read the newspaper.
I finally have enough money to buy the kind of car I've always wanted.
I finally overcame my shyness and asked him out on a date.
I finally talked her into lending me the book.
I finally understand the basic principles of calculus.
I finally understand what you were trying to tell me.
I find it hard to believe that Tom was involved in the kidnapping.
I find it hard to get up early on cold mornings.
I find it hard to talk about myself.
I find it strange that she hasn't arrived yet.
I find learning languages to be very rewarding.
I find myself in a rather delicate situation.
I find that I get the best flavor by grinding fresh peppercorns.
I find the sound of the rain relaxing.
I finished the work in less than an hour.
I first met Tom when I was a little kid.
I folded my clothes and put them into my suitcase.
I folded my shirts and put them in my suitcase.
I forced him into complying with my wish.
I forgot how good you were at golf.
I forgot how to say it in French.
I forgot I was supposed to bring a bottle of wine.
I forgot my lunch and bought a sandwich at school.
I forgot that today was April Fool's Day.
I forgot that Tom used to live in Boston.
I forgot the code for the safe deposit box.
I forgot to attach a stamp to the envelope.
I forgot to bring an umbrella with me.
I forgot to bring the book. It just slipped my mind.
I forgot to buy a gift for you.
I forgot to buy a present for Tom.
I forgot to do what Tom asked me to do.
I forgot to give you back your umbrella.
I forgot to give you my phone number.
I forgot to pay my rent this month.
I forgot to put a stamp on the envelope.
I forgot to put dressing on the salad.
I forgot to put it on the list.
I forgot to put on the stamp before I mailed the letter.
I forgot to put the food back in the fridge.
I forgot to shutter the windows before the storm hit.
I forgot to tell Tom that I couldn't speak French.
I forgot to tell Tom when to come.
I forgot to tell you my phone number.
I forgot to tell you the babysitter's name.
I forgot to tell you what time the meeting's going to start.
I forgot to tell you what to bring.
I forgot to tell you when to come.
I forgot to tell you where I put your jacket.
I forgot to tell you who would meet you at the station.
I forgot to tell you why we're asking for donations.
I forgot to turn off the lights when I left.
I forgot to turn off the television before going to sleep.
I forgot to turn off the TV before going to bed.
I forgot to turn on the washing machine.
I forgot to write my name on the exam.
I forgot to write the address on the envelope.
I forgot what I was going to say.
I found a beautiful shell on the shore.
I found a dead rat in the garage.
I found a good place to buy fruit a couple of days ago.
I found a nice place to have a picnic.
I found a note on my door from Tom.
I found a pair of gloves under the chair.
I found a pair of sunglasses by the swimming pool.
I found a rare book I had been looking for.
I found a rare stamp at that store.
I found a solution thanks to your help.
I found a stone shaped like a heart.
I found her cat in an empty room.
I found her in tears in her room.
I found it best to say nothing about the matter.
I found it difficult to be kind to others.
I found it difficult to get along with him.
I found it difficult to keep a diary every day.
I found it difficult to make myself heard because of the noise.
I found it difficult to put it into practice.
I found it difficult to read the book.
I found it difficult to solve the problem.
I found it difficult to understand what he was saying.
I found it difficult to use the machine.
I found it easy to answer the question.
I found it easy to find the building.
I found it easy to solve the problem.
I found it necessary to ask for help.
I found it necessary to get a loan.
I found it necessary to get up early every morning.
I found it rather difficult to make myself understood.
I found it while I was cleaning up.
I found my father's diary that he kept for 30 years.
I found my father's diary which he kept for 30 years.
I found my mother busy ironing out some shirts.
I found nothing but a pair of scissors.
I found one of my shoes under my bed, but I can't find the other one.
I found out about it on the news.
I found out how to solve the problem.
I found out something interesting today at work.
I found out when we're supposed to arrive.
I found out where to buy fruit cheaply.
I found out whose car went off the road.
I found that he was turned over to the police.
I found that there was a little girl sobbing.
I found the book at that bookstore by chance.
I found the book easily even though it was dark in the room.
I found the book easily though it was dark in the room.
I found the book which I had lost the day before.
I found the diary that my father kept for 30 years.
I found the hotel crowded with foreign tourists.
I found the key I was looking for.
I found the key that I was looking for.
I found the man I want to marry.
I found the photo you were looking for.
I found the picture Tom was looking for.
I found the picture you were looking for.
I found the problem was easy to solve.
I found the secret compartment quite by accident.
I found this book by chance in a secondhand bookstore.
I found this book interesting from beginning to end.
I found this book interesting from start to finish.
I found this bottle washed up on the beach.
I found this bottle when I was walking on the beach this morning.
I found this on the back seat of your car.
I found what I was looking for in the drawers.
I found what you were looking for in the trunk of my car.
I found, to my surprise, that she was dead.
I freely admit that I'm not the world expert in childrearing.
I froze at the sight of the snake.
I fully intend to do everything I said I would do.
I gained back the weight I'd lost over the summer.
I gathered from his expression that he was very angry.
I gathered from his looks he was angry with me.
I gathered from this letter that he was angry.
I gathered together my things and put them in my suitcase.
I gave a discount to all the customers.
I gave a speech at the wedding yesterday.
I gave each child three pieces of candy.
I gave her all the money I had.
I gave her my word I would be back home by nine.
I gave him a warning, to which he paid no attention.
I gave him advice, to which he paid no attention.
I gave him what little money I had with me.
I gave in to temptation and began to smoke a cigarette.
I gave my permission for them to use my photo on their website.
I gave my seat to an elderly woman.
I gave my seat to the old lady.
I gave my sister a pearl necklace on her birthday.
I gave orders I was to be left alone.
I gave some of my old clothes to the Salvation Army.
I gave the beggar all the money I had.
I gave the beggar what money I had.
I gave the boy what little money I had.
I gave them a present for their anniversary.
I gave them all the information they requested.
I gave Tom a chance to work with me.
I gave Tom many chances to do that.
I gave up on the idea of buying a house.
I gave you a chance, but you didn't take it.
I gave you an extra hour and you still didn't finish the job.
I gave you explicit instructions not to touch anything.
I get a call from her once in a while.
I get a lot of satisfaction out of my work.
I get a physical examination once a year.
I get a three percent commission on anything I sell.
I get bored quickly in everything I do.
I get dizzy spells when I stand up.
I get drunk at least once a month.
I get goose bumps when I see a horror movie.
I get more than two hundred emails a day.
I get my hair cut once a month.
I get nervous when I speak before a large audience.
I get nervous when I speak in front of large crowds.
I get on pretty well with my new classmates.
I get on very well with your cousin.
I get only five days off this summer.
I get out of the hospital next week.
I get paid a lot to do what I do.
I get paid at the end of the month.
I get the feeling that I've heard that somewhere before.
I get the feeling that no one here is telling us the truth.
I get the feeling you don't really want me to drive.
I get the feeling you don't really want me to go.
I get the feeling you don't really want me to stay.
I get the feeling you don't really want me to win.
I get the impression that Tom is in love with you.
I get up at 6 o'clock every morning.
I get up at six almost every day.
I get up at six in the morning.
I get very angry when you don't answer my questions.
I give my mother fifty thousand yen on payday every month.
I give my pledge that I will quit smoking.
I give up. No matter what I do, you never seem to be satisfied.
I give you enough money every month to pay all your bills.
I give you everything you ask for, but you never seem satisfied.
I give you my permission to do whatever you want to do.
I give you plenty of money each month.
I give you two permission to do whatever you think is necessary.
I go for a walk every day, except when it rains.
I go for a walk every other day.
I go out with Mary almost every Saturday.
I go to a restaurant every other day.
I go to any party I am invited to.
I go to bed at around ten at night.
I go to bed at ten every day.
I go to bed at ten o'clock at night.
I go to church once in a blue moon.
I go to my father's place twice a year.
I go to school because I want to learn.
I go to school only three days a week.
I go to see them every other day.
I go to the barber once a month.
I go to the barber's once a month.
I go to the beach almost every day.
I go to the beach almost every weekend in the summer.
I go to the beach as often as I can.
I go to the dentist every second day.
I go to the library at least once a week.
I go to the library every other day.
I go to the library from time to time.
I go to the movies once a month.
I go to the movies once in a while.
I go to the museum whenever I get the chance.
I go to the office by bicycle except on rainy days.
I go to the restaurant every 2 days.
I go to work by car every day.
I go to work every day by train.
I go up to the rooftop when I want to see the blue sky.
I got a call from the school today.
I got a D on my science test.
I got a fish bone stuck in my throat.
I got a letter from a very good friend.
I got a letter from an old friend yesterday.
I got a long letter from my folks.
I got a lot of mail this morning.
I got a message that you wanted to see me.
I got a nasty sting from a wasp.
I got a new stereo at that store.
I got a puppy from my father for my birthday.
I got a rash on my hands from dishwasher detergent.
I got a stomach tumor and had to have it operated on.
I got a taxi in front of the station.
I got a temporary job at the firm.
I got all tongue-tied when she spoke to me.
I got an earful from my mom last night.
I got an email yesterday that was written in French.
I got cold feet and decided not to go.
I got cold, so I turned on the heater.
I got fined for parking in front of a fire hydrant.
I got here as fast as I could.
I got here as quickly as I could.
I got home a little late last night.
I got it straight from the horse's mouth.
I got it through my head that my parent's strict rules were for my own benefit.
I got jealous when I saw Tom hugging Mary.
I got lost and had a hard time finding my way back to the hotel.
I got mugged on my way home last night.
I got my leg hurt in the accident.
I got my son to fix the door.
I got my son to repair the door.
I got off my bicycle and sat down on a bench.
I got off the bus at the end of the line.
I got off with a slap on the wrist.
I got out my knife and peeled the apple.
I got out of bed and got dressed.
I got out of bed and had a good stretch.
I got out of my car and opened the gate.
I got out of the bathtub and dried myself off.
I got out of the car at 40th Street.
I got out of the pool and dried myself with a towel.
I got paid much less than I expected.
I got paint on my clothes when I was painting the ceiling.
I got rid of all my old textbooks.
I got separated from the rest of my family.
I got seriously hurt in a traffic accident.
I got several bites, but couldn't hook a fish.
I got shampoo in my eyes and it hurts.
I got sick of the constant noise of the street traffic.
I got some shampoo in my eyes and it stings.
I got sucked in on a lot of phony deals.
I got the gist of what he was saying.
I got the impression you didn't believe Tom either.
I got the news from a reliable source.
I got there in time for the train.
I got these tickets to the concert for free.
I got this as a wedding gift, but I've never used it.
I got this job with my teacher's help.
I got this typewriter at a bargain price.
I got ticketed for parking in front of a fire hydrant.
I got tickets for the six o'clock show.
I got tired of hearing the same thing so often.
I got tired of lying in bed all day.
I got to know him when I was a student.
I got to the bus stop just after the bus had left.
I got to the bus stop just in time.
I got to the station only to find that the train had just left.
I got together with her mainly because we seemed to share the same feelings about things.
I got up at 4:00, ate some food, then went back to sleep.
I got up at six, ate breakfast and then went to school.
I got up earlier than usual in order to catch the first train.
I got up earlier than usual to catch the first train.
I got up early enough to catch the first train.
I got up early in order to attend the meeting.
I got up early in order to catch the first train.
I got up early the next morning to catch the first train.
I got up early this morning to go fishing.
I got up early to catch the first train.
I got up early, so that I could catch the first train.
I got up on the wrong side of the bed this morning.
I got up to go and look outside.
I got up while it was still dark.
I got you all right where I want you.
I got you confused with your oldest brother.
I grabbed my little sister's hand and started running.
I grabbed my little sister's hand, and the two of us started running.
I grabbed my little sister's hand, and the two of us started to run.
I grasped the rope so as not to fall.
I grew tomatoes last year and they were very good.
I grew up not too far from here.
I grind my own coffee beans every morning.
I groped around in the dark for my flashlight.
I guess everybody in town knows that by now.
I guess I could give it a shot.
I guess I could give it a try.
I guess I could wait a little bit longer.
I guess I didn't want to disappoint you.
I guess I don't understand what you're trying to say.
I guess I felt like eating something different.
I guess I just like making people happy.
I guess I should get home to the missus.
I guess I should have known Tom wasn't going to help.
I guess I should have read it more carefully.
I guess I should've known Tom wasn't going to help.
I guess I should've read it more carefully.
I guess I'd better get back to work.
I guess I'll have to think it over.
I guess I'm going to have to learn French.
I guess I'm never going to be able to do that as well as you.
I guess I'm not as smart as you.
I guess it doesn't make any difference which swimming club I join.
I guess it's impossible for me to learn how to play the oboe.
I guess it's time for me to go.
I guess it's too late to do that now.
I guess our job is not to let that happen.
I guess that goes without saying, doesn't it?
I guess that I won't be seeing Tom anymore.
I guess that I'm going to have to learn French.
I guess that Tom will never get over that.
I guess that wouldn't mean much to you.
I guess that you heard about what happened this morning.
I guess that's all I need to know.
I guess that's not such a big secret.
I guess this desk will serve the purpose until we can get a new one.
I guess Tom will never get over that.
I guess we should go get something to eat.
I guess we're not on the same wavelength.
I guess you heard about what happened this morning.
I guess you know that I've missed you.
I guess you never learned how to do this.
I guess you think you're pretty special, don't you?
I guess you're going to do that no matter what we say.
I guessed right in nine cases out of ten.
I had a bad cold and was in bed for a week.
I had a bad day at the office.
I had a checkup the week before last.
I had a cold, so I stayed in bed.
I had a couple of questions, but I didn't ask them.
I had a crush on you when I was twelve.
I had a crush on you when we were in high school.
I had a dog when I was a kid.
I had a dream about you last night.
I had a drink or two before you came.
I had a fantastic time at your party.
I had a feeling something like this was going to happen.
I had a feeling you would be late.
I had a fender bender on my way to work.
I had a few hours free, so I sat under a tree and read a book.
I had a glass of beer to quench my thirst.
I had a good idea a few minutes ago.
I had a good laugh at her joke.
I had a good reason for doing that.
I had a good reason for not being there.
I had a good reason to do that.
I had a good time at the party.
I had a good time during the trip.
I had a hard time finding his house.
I had a hard time finding your house.
I had a hard time getting back into the swing of things.
I had a hard time getting to the airport.
I had a hard time making both ends meet.
I had a hard time putting the kid to bed.
I had a hard time trying to get this report finished on time.
I had a hard time trying to persuade him to cancel the trip.
I had a hasty breakfast and left home.
I had a headache, and I took the day off today.
I had a headache, so I couldn't do that.
I had a hunch something pleasant was going to happen.
I had a hunch you would do that.
I had a job when I was your age.
I had a little difficulty in getting a taxi.
I had a little help from a friend.
I had a lot of fun doing that.
I had a lot of fun last weekend.
I had a lot of money, but spent everything.
I had a lot of work to do.
I had a nagging sensation that I'd seen him somewhere before.
I had a nice long chat with my girlfriend's father.
I had a part-time job as a hotel maid, but I didn't like it very much.
I had a pleasant experience on my trip.
I had a premonition that this would happen.
I had a problem similar to that not too long ago.
I had a problem to take care of.
I had a problem with my car on the way to work.
I had a puppy when I was a boy.
I had a quarrel with him over money.
I had a raincoat on so I didn't get so wet.
I had a really bad nightmare last night.
I had a really great time last night.
I had a really great time with your family.
I had a row with my boss today.
I had a second helping of mashed potatoes.
I had a sharp pain in my chest yesterday.
I had a situation to take care of.
I had a small dinner party last weekend.
I had a snack before I went back to work.
I had a son who died in the war.
I had a stabbing pain in my chest.
I had a valid visa, so I was allowed to enter the country.
I had a very hard time writing the paper.
I had a very strange dream last night.
I had a very tight schedule last week, but this week I'm relatively free.
I had almost finished my work when she came.
I had an allergic reaction to the new medication my doctor prescribed.
I had an argument with my boss today.
I had an argument with Tom about the use of marijuana.
I had an interesting conversation with my neighbor.
I had back surgery a couple of months ago.
I had been making the same mistake all my life.
I had been reading for an hour when he came in.
I had been studying music in Boston before I returned to Japan.
I had brown hair before I went bald.
I had chicken pox when I was a kid.
I had difficulty convincing her of the dangers of smoking.
I had difficulty getting a ticket for the concert.
I had difficulty in making myself understood in French.
I had dinner with a friend last night.
I had enough money to buy what I wanted.
I had enough sense to get out of there.
I had enough time, so I didn't need to hurry.
I had finished my homework when you called me.
I had forgotten all about today's meeting. I'm glad you reminded me.
I had great difficulty in finding my ticket at the station.
I had hardly gotten into bed when the telephone began to ring.
I had hardly left home when it began raining.
I had hardly left home when it began to rain heavily.
I had heard that he was fat, but I didn't think he would be that fat.
I had him paint the gate last week.
I had hoped that my mother would live until I got married.
I had issues I had to deal with.
I had left the key in the office the day before.
I had little time to prepare the speech.
I had lunch with Tom at a restaurant near the office.
I had met her many times before then.
I had met him many times before then.
I had my birthday party at a restaurant.
I had my brother put this room in order.
I had my car filled up at the service station at the corner.
I had my doubts about whether that was the right choice.
I had my hair cut at a barber's shop.
I had my hair cut at the barber shop yesterday.
I had my hair cut the day before yesterday.
I had my hat blown off by the wind.
I had my licence renewed a week ago.
I had my pocket picked on the train.
I had my secretary run off ten copies.
I had my suitcase carried up to my room.
I had my wallet stolen by the man sitting next to me.
I had my wallet stolen from my inner pocket.
I had my wallet stolen on the bus.
I had my watch repaired at the store.
I had never been kissed like that before.
I had never heard anyone speak of him before.
I had never seen a giraffe till I visited the zoo.
I had never seen a more beautiful sight.
I had never seen a panda till that time.
I had never seen a windmill until I visited the Netherlands.
I had never seen my father cry before that time.
I had never seen so many squirrels in my life.
I had never seen that kind of fish before.
I had no choice but to accept the offer.
I had no choice but to do what he asked.
I had no idea I was being conned.
I had no idea it would put you to so much trouble.
I had no idea Mary was your girlfriend.
I had no idea of what she intended to do.
I had no idea that Tom knew how to speak French.
I had no idea that Tom was going to leave me his estate.
I had no idea that Tom would do that.
I had no idea that you were having problems with Tom.
I had no idea that you were so good at French.
I had no idea there were so many people in the other room.
I had no idea things were so bad.
I had no idea this bracelet was stolen.
I had no idea Tom would do that.
I had no idea we had so much in common.
I had no idea what I should write.
I had no idea what I was doing.
I had no idea what Tom was thinking.
I had no idea you could speak French so well.
I had no idea you could speak French.
I had no idea you felt that way.
I had no idea you knew how to play mahjong.
I had no idea you knew how to play the trombone.
I had no idea you were so dedicated.
I had no idea you were so ruthless.
I had no idea you were so stupid.
I had no idea you were so young.
I had no intention of going there by myself.
I had no notion that you were coming.
I had no other choice but to do it.
I had no other choice but to take him at his word.
I had no other way of contacting you, so I came here in person.
I had no sooner closed the door than somebody started knocking on it.
I had no sooner left the house than it began to rain hard.
I had not waited long before the bus came.
I had nothing to do with that incident.
I had nothing to do with that problem.
I had nothing to do with that situation.
I had nothing to do with the accident.
I had nothing to do with what happened.
I had problems I had to deal with.
I had some free time, so I wandered around town.
I had some problems to take care of.
I had some questions and raised my hand.
I had some things to do before the meeting.
I had some things to take care of.
I had some time to think about what I had to do.
I had some trouble figuring out the answer.
I had some trouble finding her house yesterday.
I had some work that I needed to do.
I had some work that needed to be finished.
I had stage fright at first, but I got over it quickly.
I had stuff to do so I didn't have time to feel lonely.
I had tea instead of coffee this morning.
I had that weird dream again last night.
I had the brakes of my bicycle adjusted.
I had the chance to buy that, but I decided not to.
I had the feeling you were going to ask me that.
I had the good fortune to be chosen.
I had the same problem as you did.
I had the same problem when I was your age.
I had the same thing happen to me last month.
I had things I had to deal with.
I had things to do, so I couldn't leave right away.
I had this suit custom made for me.
I had to abstain from smoking while I was in the hospital.
I had to beg my friends to come to my party.
I had to beg my friends to come.
I had to borrow money to purchase the car.
I had to cancel my trip on account of the strike.
I had to cancel that order because we didn't have enough money to pay for it.
I had to catch the first train this morning in order to get here in time.
I had to catch the first train this morning to get here in time.
I had to change clothes because what I was wearing wasn't appropriate for the situation.
I had to decide right then and there.
I had to do everything on my own.
I had to drop out of college and get a job.
I had to get all the facts before I could make a decision.
I had to get out of the house.
I had to get something from my room.
I had to get something out of the car.
I had to go to my office by bus because my car had engine trouble.
I had to go to the emergency room.
I had to learn that the hard way.
I had to leave the room because it was too smoky.
I had to make a list of things I needed to do.
I had to make a speech on short notice.
I had to park two blocks from here.
I had to pay a large sum of money to get it back.
I had to push my bicycle because I had a flat tire.
I had to resign because I just didn't get along with the new boss.
I had to resort to threats to get my money back.
I had to run to catch the bus.
I had to shoot my horse because he was in a lot of pain.
I had to sip the coffee because it was too hot.
I had to stay home all day yesterday to take care of my mother.
I had to stay in bed all day.
I had to stay in bed for a while.
I had to stay in bed for two days.
I had to stifle my anger in front of him.
I had to stoop to go into the room.
I had to study French when I was in high school.
I had to swerve to avoid hitting the dog.
I had to take care of her baby.
I had to throw most of my things away.
I had to wait for a long time.
I had to wait for Tom to finish.
I had to wait for Tom to wake up.
I had to wait twenty minutes for the next bus.
I had to walk because there were no taxis.
I had to walk here because my car broke down.
I had to walk there because my car broke down.
I had to work hard to keep up with the other students.
I had to work hard when I was young.
I had too much to drink and I can barely walk.
I had too much to drink last night.
I had trouble finding my way back to my hotel last night.
I had trouble understanding what was being said.
I hadn't bargained on such a heavy traffic jam.
I hadn't considered not going to the meeting.
I hadn't intended to work at this company this long.
I hadn't laughed like that in a very long time.
I hadn't planned to do that, but I can if you really want me to.
I hadn't planned to tell you about what happened last night.
I hadn't planned to tell you anything about this.
I handed a cup of coffee to Tom.
I happen to be very good at what I do.
I hardly ever take my dog for a walk.
I hate being alone this time of year.
I hate being told what I can't do.
I hate carrots even more than I hate onions.
I hate it when hair clogs the drain.
I hate it when I have to sit between two fat guys on a plane.
I hate it when my clothes smell like cigarettes.
I hate it when my clothes smell of cigarette smoke.
I hate it when people make fun of my accent.
I hate it when people tell me what to do.
I hate it when there are a lot of people.
I hate it when Tom and Mary fight.
I hate it when you pretend like you don't know me.
I hate mosquitoes, but they seem to love me.
I hate myself for not having the will power to quit eating junk food.
I hate people who do that kind of thing.
I hate pretending I'm having a good time.
I hate that you have to be here.
I hate the guy who lives next door.
I hate the sound of my own voice.
I hate the sound that cellophane makes when you crinkle it.
I hate the way the water tastes here.
I hate the world because the world hates me.
I hate to be alone at home on the weekends.
I hate to bother you, but would you mind closing the door?
I hate to interrupt, but I need to say something.
I hate to run the risk, but I have no choice.
I hate to see a grown man cry.
I hate when other people make me wait a long time.
I hate women who say that all men are alike.
I hate women who say that all men are the same.
I hated spinach when I was a kid.
I have a bad feeling about that guy.
I have a bad pain in my lower back.
I have a ball-point pen, but I want another.
I have a bathrobe, but I seldom wear it.
I have a big scar on my left leg.
I have a bit of time to relax.
I have a boiled egg for breakfast every day.
I have a bone to pick with you.
I have a bottle of beer in my backpack.
I have a bottle of very good wine that I've been saving for a special occasion.
I have a brand new pair of socks.
I have a bruise on my left leg.
I have a callus on the sole of my foot.
I have a car that was made in Japan.
I have a car, but seldom use it.
I have a certain amount of money on me.
I have a classmate who says he can speak French fluently.
I have a clear memory of my childhood.
I have a client waiting in the waiting room.
I have a coat, but I don't have a hat.
I have a coat, but I have no hat.
I have a corn on my right foot.
I have a daughter the same age as your son.
I have a different opinion on that subject.
I have a dim memory of my grandmother.
I have a dog that can run fast.
I have a driver's license, but I don't have a car.
I have a faint recollection of the event.
I have a favor to ask of you.
I have a favour to ask of you.
I have a feeling I'm going to regret this.
I have a feeling I've met her somewhere before.
I have a feeling that I've been here before.
I have a feeling that she will come today.
I have a feeling that something horrible is about to happen.
I have a feeling that that isn't true.
I have a feeling that that's not true.
I have a feeling you and I have a lot in common.
I have a feeling you might want to see these.
I have a feeling you'll be a very good lawyer.
I have a fever and I ache all over.
I have a few easy questions for you.
I have a few friends in the United States.
I have a few friends who speak French well.
I have a few household chores that I must do.
I have a few things I want to make clear.
I have a few things to finish up before I go home.
I have a few tickets in row 15.
I have a few tricks up my sleeve.
I have a first aid kit in the bathroom.
I have a first-aid kit in my car.
I have a fish bone stuck in my throat.
I have a foreign object in my left ear.
I have a friend coming over to visit tomorrow.
I have a friend waiting for me in the lobby.
I have a friend who can speak French.
I have a friend who cuts his own hair.
I have a friend who is a pilot.
I have a friend who speaks French very well.
I have a friend who works at that store.
I have a friend whose father is a doctor.
I have a friend whose father is a famous actor.
I have a friend whose father is a famous novelist.
I have a friend whose father is a famous pianist.
I have a friend whose father is a lawyer.
I have a friend whose father is a magician.
I have a friend whose father is a teacher.
I have a friend whose father is an animal doctor.
I have a friend whose name is Tom.
I have a friend whose wife is a pianist.
I have a full-length mirror in my bedroom.
I have a general idea of what he means.
I have a good idea where to start.
I have a good many things to do today.
I have a great deal of work to do.
I have a great deal to do today.
I have a great deal to do tonight.
I have a headache and I am suffering from a cough.
I have a huge amount of clothes in my closet.
I have a hunch that it will rain.
I have a job I have to do.
I have a large family to provide for.
I have a little money with me now.
I have a long drive ahead of me.
I have a long list of things to do.
I have a lot in common with you.
I have a lot more books than you do.
I have a lot more experience than Tom does.
I have a lot of assignments to do today.
I have a lot of bills I have to pay.
I have a lot of friends in Boston.
I have a lot of friends that can speak French well.
I have a lot of friends to help me.
I have a lot of friends who can speak French well.
I have a lot of homework to do.
I have a lot of learning to do.
I have a lot of love for you.
I have a lot of money at my disposal.
I have a lot of money in my savings account.
I have a lot of old books. A couple of them are quite valuable.
I have a lot of passwords to remember.
I have a lot of patients who are older than me.
I have a lot of plans for the future.
I have a lot of problems at the moment.
I have a lot of problems to solve.
I have a lot of respect for you.
I have a lot of things I have to do before tomorrow.
I have a lot of things I want to do.
I have a lot of things to do this afternoon.
I have a lot of things to do this morning.
I have a lot of things to do today.
I have a lot of things to do.
I have a lot of things to tell you.
I have a lot of time on my hands.
I have a lot of work this week.
I have a lot of work to do here.
I have a lot of work to do today.
I have a lot of work to do.
I have a lot of work to get through today.
I have a lot to do at the moment.
I have a lot to do this morning.
I have a message for you from your father.
I have a message I want you to deliver.
I have a mind to buy a new car.
I have a mosquito bite on my elbow.
I have a new book I'm working on.
I have a new boyfriend, but my ex-boyfriend doesn't know about it yet.
I have a new camera I want you to see.
I have a pain in my little toe.
I have a part-time job working as a Santa at the mall.
I have a pick, two shovels and a wheelbarrow.
I have a question I want to ask you.
I have a right to be on this ship.
I have a right to know the truth.
I have a right to my private life.
I have a rough idea what needs to be done.
I have a rough idea where it is.
I have a score to settle with him.
I have a secret I can't tell anyone.
I have a sewing machine, but I rarely use it.
I have a sharp pain in my chest.
I have a slight pain in my side.
I have a small favor to ask of you.
I have a son in junior high school.
I have a son not much older than you.
I have a son who goes to the same school as your daughter.
I have a sore throat and a fever.
I have a sore throat and a slight fever.
I have a sore throat. Do you have a cough drop?
I have a splinter in the palm of my hand.
I have a tattoo on my left shoulder.
I have a ton of stuff to do.
I have a ton of things to do.
I have a ton of work to do today.
I have a toothache, so I can't eat anything.
I have a touch of a cold today.
I have a twitch in my right eye.
I have a very important decision to make.
I have a very sore arm where you hit me.
I have a warrant to search the premises.
I have a week to do my homework.
I have a wheelbarrow in my garage that I've never used.
I have abandoned the idea of buying a house.
I have about three times as many books as Tom.
I have absolutely no idea when I'm supposed to do that.
I have all the time in the world.
I have all these apples to carry, not to mention this bag of potatoes.
I have already spoken to Tom about that.
I have always fed my dog the dog food that comes in the big green bag.
I have an account at that book shop.
I have an appointment I don't want to be late for.
I have an appointment in less than an hour.
I have an appointment with him at noon.
I have an appointment with my lawyer today.
I have an appointment with my uncle tomorrow.
I have an appointment with the professor at 1:30.
I have an attraction for older, chubby women.
I have an aunt who lives in Boston.
I have an early memory of my grandmother darning socks.
I have an errand I need to run.
I have an errand to do in town.
I have an ever growing list of to-do items.
I have an extra pen I could lend you.
I have an extra pen that I could lend you.
I have an extremely tight schedule for tomorrow.
I have an idea she will come today.
I have an important meeting I have to go to this afternoon.
I have an important mission for all of you.
I have an interest in cello and piano.
I have an old computer that I don't want anymore.
I have an older brother and a younger sister.
I have an older brother and an older sister.
I have an older brother who's the same age as you.
I have an uncle who lives in Boston.
I have an urgent matter to attend to.
I have as many books as Tom does.
I have attached a PDF file of my curriculum vitae.
I have been a teacher for 15 years.
I have been abroad several times this year.
I have been acquainted with her for more than 20 years.
I have been his greatest fan all my life.
I have been in Japan for two months.
I have been learning English these four years.
I have been on friendly terms with him for more than twenty years.
I have been studying French four years now.
I have been studying German for two years.
I have been taking ballet lessons since I was three and hope to be a ballerina.
I have been to the airport to see him off.
I have been to the airport to see my friend off.
I have been to the station to see him off.
I have been wearing this overcoat for more than five years.
I have better things to do than stand here and take your insults.
I have better things to do with my time.
I have books that I've reread several times.
I have come in response to your ad in the paper.
I have cut up all but one of my credit cards.
I have doubts about the authenticity of this document.
I have doubts about the success of their plan.
I have enjoyed seeing you and talking about old times.
I have enough money to buy a car.
I have every reason to believe that he is innocent of the crime.
I have faith in your ability to do the right thing.
I have fewer students in my class this year than last year.
I have fond memories of all the time we spent together.
I have four computers, but two of them are so old I don't use them anymore.
I have good news in store for you.
I have had my hair cut shoulder length.
I have had quite enough of his jokes.
I have heard nothing from him for five years.
I have heard nothing from him of late.
I have high blood pressure, so I need to stay away from salt.
I have important business to take care of in my office.
I have just had one of the worst days of my life.
I have just one thing to ask of you.
I have known her since she was a child.
I have known Tom since I was a little boy.
I have left you your dinner in the oven.
I have less and less time for reading.
I have little time for reading these days.
I have lived here for a long time.
I have lots of things I need to do today.
I have lunch at noon with my friends.
I have made many sacrifices for my country.
I have made up my mind to achieve my goals in three years.
I have made up my mind to propose to her.
I have many friends I can talk to.
I have many friends who are native speakers.
I have many friends who speak fluently, but still don't sound like native speakers.
I have many visas in my passport because I travel a lot for my job.
I have more skirts than my big sister.
I have mosquito bites all over my arm.
I have my friend's car at my disposal.
I have my supper at a quarter past seven.
I have neither the time nor the energy to do that.
I have neither time nor money for that.
I have never come across such a stubborn person.
I have never fed my dog a banana.
I have never had more than $500 in my possession.
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.
I have never met a person like him.
I have never seen her help her father.
I have no choice but to eat what they serve me.
I have no choice but to take the red-eye back to New York.
I have no clue what you're talking about.
I have no desire to understand what goes on in your head.
I have no experience, but I'm a fast learner.
I have no hesitation in telling the truth.
I have no idea how I got here.
I have no idea how long I was unconscious.
I have no idea how long it'll take.
I have no idea how many people will be at the picnic.
I have no idea how to do that.
I have no idea how to use this thing.
I have no idea of how to send a fax.
I have no idea of what to expect.
I have no idea to what extent I can trust them.
I have no idea what I should be doing.
I have no idea what I'm going to do.
I have no idea what I'm going to wear.
I have no idea what that could be.
I have no idea what that guy is thinking.
I have no idea what the reason is.
I have no idea what time it is.
I have no idea what to do next.
I have no idea what Tom intends to do.
I have no idea what Tom said to Mary.
I have no idea what Tom's parents do.
I have no idea what we're supposed to do.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
I have no idea what's going on here.
I have no idea where I left my keys.
I have no idea who that is either.
I have no idea who that woman is.
I have no idea why he quit his job suddenly.
I have no idea why it is so.
I have no idea why she got so angry.
I have no intention of meddling in your affairs.
I have no interest in putting my money into your dreams.
I have no interest whatsoever in eating English food.
I have no money to buy the book with.
I have no money to buy the dictionary with.
I have no money to pay for the bus.
I have no money, but I have dreams.
I have no more money in my wallet.
I have no more than one hundred yen with me.
I have no more than one thousand yen.
I have no objection to paying a special fee if it is necessary.
I have no one else to talk to.
I have no one else to turn to but you.
I have no one else to turn to except you.
I have no one else to turn to.
I have no one to blame but myself.
I have no one to go to for advice.
I have no one to leave my money to.
I have no one to say goodbye to.
I have no one to talk about my problems with.
I have no one to turn to except you.
I have no practical reason to learn that language.
I have no reason to learn that language.
I have no reason to lie to you.
I have no recollection of how I got there.
I have no recollection of seeing the man.
I have no regrets for what I've done.
I have no time for that, and besides, I don't have any money.
I have no time to do my homework.
I have no time to do that today.
I have no time to engage in gossip.
I have no time to explain this in detail.
I have no time to help you with the work.
I have no will power when it comes to dieting.
I have no will power when it comes to exercising.
I have no wish to live in a large city.
I have no words to express my gratitude.
I have not been busy for two days.
I have not been studying for two days.
I have not eaten any seafood since the recent oil spill.
I have not had a chance to see that movie.
I have not seen him for a long time.
I have nothing in particular to do tomorrow.
I have nothing in particular to say about this problem.
I have nothing in particular to say about this situation.
I have nothing more to say about him.
I have nothing more to say to you.
I have nothing to do at the moment.
I have nothing to do with that case.
I have nothing to do with that crime.
I have nothing to do with the affair.
I have nothing to do with the crime.
I have nothing to do with their troubles.
I have nothing to do with this matter.
I have nothing to say in this regard.
I have nothing to say to any of you.
I have nowhere to sleep. Can I crash on your sofa?
I have often heard it said that honesty is the best policy.
I have one older brother and one younger sister.
I have one thousand dollars in travelers' checks and five hundred in cash.
I have only half as many books as he does.
I have only myself to blame, I suppose.
I have only one picture of my grandmother.
I have only three hundred dollars in the bank.
I have plenty of things to eat in the pantry.
I have plenty of time to do that.
I have plenty of time, but not enough money.
I have practiced piano every day for fifteen years.
I have rather a busy afternoon in front of me.
I have read that story in some book.
I have seen him once on the train.
I have settled on green for the curtains.
I have several paintings hanging on my wall.
I have several things I'd like to talk to you about.
I have simply nothing to say about it.
I have so many clothes I don't know what to wear tomorrow.
I have so many things I don't need.
I have so many things I want you to know.
I have so many things to tell you.
I have so much work to do that I have to put off my trip.
I have socks, but I have no shoes.
I have some business to take care of.
I have some doubts about his coming in this weather.
I have some extra tickets for the concert.
I have some friends in the police department.
I have some numbness in my left hand.
I have some personal business to take care of.
I have some pictures I want to show you.
I have some powerful friends who can help you.
I have some problems to take care of.
I have some questions I'd like to ask.
I have some stuff to do at home.
I have some things I have to do.
I have some things I need to do.
I have some things in the hotel safe.
I have some things to take care of.
I have some work to do this evening.
I have someone I want you to meet.
I have something I have to talk to you about.
I have something I have to tell you.
I have something I need to tell you.
I have something I want to say to you.
I have something I want to tell you.
I have something in my suitcase for you.
I have something that belongs to you. Why don't you come over and pick it up?
I have something that I want to say to him.
I have something to say to all of you.
I have something to talk over with you.
I have something to talk to you about.
I have something to tell you. I am your brother.
I have something very important to tell you.
I have something very special planned for your birthday.
I have ten times more books than you do.
I have the feeling that I've been here before.
I have the feeling that I've seen these shoes somewhere before.
I have the feeling that my French is improving.
I have the feeling there's something you haven't told me yet.
I have the feeling you had something else in mind.
I have the impression that I already know you.
I have the right to call my lawyer.
I have the same dictionary as your brother has.
I have the same number of books as he has.
I have the same number of books as Tom has.
I have the same problem as you do.
I have the same problems as you do.
I have the same trouble as you had.
I have the same trouble as you have.
I have the worst job in the world.
I have three cousins on my mother's side.
I have three dogs. One is male and the other two are female.
I have three friends who can speak French.
I have three times as many books as him.
I have three times as many books as Tom does.
I have three times as many books as Tom.
I have three times as much money as you.
I have three times more books than Tom has.
I have three times more books than you do.
I have three times more money than you do.
I have to admit I never thought of that.
I have to admit I was worried about it.
I have to admit that I enjoyed it.
I have to admit that I never thought of that.
I have to admit that it's very tempting.
I have to admit that you were right.
I have to alter my clothes because I've lost weight.
I have to ask my dad for permission.
I have to ask my parents for permission.
I have to assign more men to that work.
I have to be back home by seven.
I have to be careful from now on.
I have to be home tonight before it gets dark.
I have to be in Boston in the morning.
I have to be there for my family.
I have to be up early tomorrow morning, so I'm going to bed.
I have to blow my nose all the time.
I have to buy a car this weekend.
I have to buy a Christmas present for my grandmother.
I have to buy a new carpet for this room.
I have to buy a new pair of skis.
I have to buy flowers for my girlfriend.
I have to buy some medicine for Tom.
I have to change into my work clothes.
I have to change the batteries in the radio.
I have to charge the battery of my car.
I have to check and see what the contract says.
I have to choose my words very carefully.
I have to confess to you that I snore.
I have to convince people to do that.
I have to deliver this package to Tom Jackson.
I have to do a lot of things.
I have to do my homework instead of going out.
I have to do something before it's too late.
I have to do something while I still can.
I have to do the best I can.
I have to find someone to help me.
I have to finish reading that book by tomorrow.
I have to finish up some things before I go.
I have to get away from this place.
I have to get home before it gets dark.
I have to get up early, even on Sundays.
I have to get up quite early tomorrow.
I have to give back the book before Saturday.
I have to go and buy a newspaper.
I have to go and have an X-ray tomorrow.
I have to go away for a while.
I have to go back to the office.
I have to go back to work now.
I have to go even if it rains.
I have to go home and do my homework.
I have to go inside and do my homework.
I have to go on a diet to lose weight.
I have to go pick up the kids.
I have to go shopping. I'll be back in an hour.
I have to go soon because I left the engine running.
I have to go to a funeral tomorrow.
I have to go to a meeting now.
I have to go to Boston with Tom.
I have to go to the airport to meet my family.
I have to go to the bank this morning.
I have to go to the dentist after school.
I have to go to the dentist tomorrow.
I have to go to the men's room.
I have to go to the office now.
I have to go to the police station.
I have to go to the store to buy some shampoo and toothpaste.
I have to hand in my report by next Wednesday.
I have to keep my mind on this important question.
I have to learn many words and phrases by heart.
I have to leave early to catch the train.
I have to leave early today because I have to attend a funeral.
I have to live on my very small income.
I have to lose weight, so I'm going on a diet.
I have to lose weight, so I'm on a diet.
I have to make sure everything is OK.
I have to make sure that Tom and Mary don't do that.
I have to make the best of that small room.
I have to part with my old furniture.
I have to pay a little more attention.
I have to pay more attention to myself.
I have to pay this bill by Monday.
I have to pick up my son at 2:30.
I have to practice the piano every day.
I have to pull a ripcord to start my lawn mower.
I have to put the baby to bed.
I have to put the kids to bed.
I have to reduce my expenses this month.
I have to remember to mail the letter.
I have to remember to mail this letter.
I have to return some books to the library.
I have to return this book to the library tomorrow.
I have to return this book to the library.
I have to say goodbye to a few people.
I have to say I envy you guys.
I have to shave your chest for the electrocardiogram.
I have to stay at a hotel near the airport tonight.
I have to stay in bed all day.
I have to stop that. It's a bad habit.
I have to study for a biology test.
I have to study for tomorrow's French test.
I have to study hard to keep up with the other students.
I have to take a bus to go anywhere.
I have to take care of my mother.
I have to take my medicine every six hours.
I have to take some money out of the bank.
I have to take some photos for my class project.
I have to take the book back to the library today.
I have to take the dog out for a walk.
I have to take the entrance examination today.
I have to talk to Tom about what happened.
I have to talk with him about the new plan.
I have to tell her that the phone rang while she was gone.
I have to tell you that I don't love you anymore.
I have to think about what needs to be done.
I have to try doing that at least once.
I have to turn in my report today.
I have to use a needle to inject this under your skin.
I have to withdraw some cash from the bank.
I have to write a letter. Do you have some paper?
I have too many things on my mind these days.
I have trouble falling asleep because I always have a lot on my mind.
I have two dogs and I try to feed them each the same amount of food.
I have two dogs, three cats, and six chickens.
I have two dogs. One is white and the other black.
I have two friends who live in Germany.
I have two or three calls lined up for today.
I have very little money on me right now.
I have very little time at my disposal.
I have work to do, so go away and leave me alone.
I haven't been able to find a job so far.
I haven't been able to solve the problem yet.
I haven't been back here since that unfortunate incident.
I haven't been back here since the incident.
I haven't been fishing in a long time.
I haven't been happy for a long time.
I haven't been outside in a long time.
I haven't been sick in over three years.
I haven't been to a concert in a while.
I haven't been to Boston for a long time.
I haven't been to Boston in a long time.
I haven't bought Tom a Christmas present yet.
I haven't bought you a Christmas present yet.
I haven't broken a Christmas ornament in years.
I haven't brushed my teeth in three days.
I haven't checked my messages yet this morning.
I haven't decided which job to apply for.
I haven't decided yet if I want to go.
I haven't decided yet whether I'll go to college or get a job.
I haven't done that in a long time.
I haven't done that very many times yet.
I haven't eaten any meat since I was fifteen years old.
I haven't eaten anything all day, but I don't feel hungry.
I haven't eaten anything except one slice of bread all day.
I haven't eaten anything substantial in 48 hours.
I haven't eaten anything unusual since I've returned home from my trip around the world.
I haven't eaten asparagus in a long time.
I haven't eaten at my grandmother's house since I was a kid.
I haven't eaten for a couple of days.
I haven't eaten French food since I left France.
I haven't eaten Mexican food in a long time.
I haven't eaten since breakfast and I'm very hungry.
I haven't felt like this since I was a teenager.
I haven't felt this happy in a long time.
I haven't formed an opinion about that yet.
I haven't given the money to Tom yet.
I haven't got rid of my bad cold yet.
I haven't got the foggiest notion what you're talking about.
I haven't gotten any letters from Tom yet.
I haven't gotten around to doing it yet.
I haven't gotten over my bad cold yet.
I haven't gotten rid of my bad cold yet.
I haven't had a barbecue for a long time.
I haven't had a drink since Valentine's Day.
I haven't had a square meal for a week.
I haven't had much time to see Japan.
I haven't had the honor of meeting him.
I haven't had this much fun in a long time.
I haven't had time to look for what you wanted.
I haven't had time to thank you properly.
I haven't heard anything from him since then. I wonder what he's up to.
I haven't heard from Tom in a year.
I haven't heard that joke in a long time.
I haven't heard that song in a long time.
I haven't heard this song in a long time.
I haven't heard you play the guitar in a long time.
I haven't laughed like that in a long time.
I haven't left my room in three days.
I haven't listened to any of his songs.
I haven't lost any sleep over it, either.
I haven't managed to get help from anyone.
I haven't read all of these books yet.
I haven't read the book you're talking about.
I haven't read the final page of the novel yet.
I haven't really made up my mind yet.
I haven't really spent much time thinking about that.
I haven't seen him for a long time.
I haven't seen him in a few days.
I haven't seen my ex-wife since we got divorced.
I haven't seen one of these in forever.
I haven't seen one of those in over three years.
I haven't seen that in a long time.
I haven't seen them in a long time.
I haven't seen Tom for a long time.
I haven't seen you for a long time.
I haven't seen you for a long time. Come and see me once in a while.
I haven't seen you guys in a while.
I haven't seen you in a long time.
I haven't seen you in almost three years.
I haven't seen you in such a long time.
I haven't set foot outside the house today.
I haven't sold one of those in weeks.
I haven't talked to anyone but Tom today.
I haven't talked to Tom since he moved to Australia.
I haven't talked to Tom since last Christmas.
I haven't talked to you in a while.
I haven't the faintest idea what you mean.
I haven't told a soul, I assure you.
I haven't told the kids yet that we're getting divorced.
I haven't told you the best part yet.
I haven't touched a piano in many years.
I haven't touched a tennis racket in years.
I haven't worked up the courage to tell her yet.
I haven't yet bought Tom a Christmas present.
I haven't yet bought you a Christmas present.
I haven't yet collected sufficient materials to write a book.
I haven't yet done everything that has to be done.
I haven't yet done what needs to be done.
I haven't yet done what you've asked me to do.
I haven't yet gotten used to living here.
I haven't yet made amends with all the people I've hurt.
I haven't yet met anyone I'd want to spend the rest of my life with.
I haven't yet met anyone that I'd want to spend the rest of my life with.
I haven't yet read the book you're talking about.
I haven't yet written anything in this notebook.
I hear a dog barking in the woods.
I hear a lot of girls wear bikinis at that beach.
I hear from him every now and then.
I hear from my mother once in a while.
I hear his business is on the verge of ruin.
I hear it takes time to make friends with the English people.
I hear it's buried under all that snow.
I hear she is going to get married next month.
I hear that even taxi drivers often get lost in Tokyo.
I hear that she is a famous actress.
I hear that there are people in Japan who keep penguins as pets.
I hear that Tom and Mary have eloped.
I hear that Tom really speaks French well.
I hear that you are a good tennis player.
I hear that you are having an unusually cold winter.
I hear the Freemasons have a secret handshake.
I hear the hubbub of the children in the background.
I hear they have a lot of problems with the tunnels in New Zealand.
I hear Tom was the one who taught you how to play the cello.
I hear you know how to speak French.
I hear you, but I don't see you.
I heard a car door open and close.
I heard a cotton candy shop has just opened. Let's go, dudes.
I heard a dog barking in the distance.
I heard a noise coming from the next room.
I heard a strange noise coming from the kitchen.
I heard a young girl call for help.
I heard about the accident for the first time yesterday.
I heard from someone that she got married.
I heard her speaking English as fluently as an American.
I heard someone call my name in the crowded bus.
I heard strange noises coming from his bedroom.
I heard that a paralyzed man was eaten alive by maggots.
I heard that a South American camper was eaten by an anaconda.
I heard that a woman stabbed a man for eating her lunch.
I heard that he gave himself up to the police.
I heard that he left town and moved east.
I heard that song so many times on the radio that I grew to hate it.
I heard that there were alligators in the sewers.
I heard that Tom and Mary got back together.
I heard that Tom came back to Australia for Christmas.
I heard that Tom has come back from Australia for Christmas.
I heard that Tom has come back to Boston for Christmas.
I heard that Tom's boss refused to give him a raise.
I heard that you're looking for a job.
I heard today Tom will be retiring soon.
I heard Tom came back to Australia for Christmas.
I heard Tom doesn't live in Australia anymore.
I heard Tom gave you his grandfather's violin.
I heard Tom has come back from Australia for Christmas.
I heard Tom has come back to Australia for Christmas.
I heard Tom say he needed to find Mary.
I heard voices on the other side of the door.
I heard you are planning to switch majors.
I heard you made a big mistake today.
I heard you paid a visit to Tom.
I heard you received an award last month.
I heard you whistling. You must be happy.
I held on to the rope tightly so I wouldn't fall.
I held the conch to my ear and heard the ocean inside.
I held the knife in my left hand.
I held up my end of the deal.
I held up my hand to stop a taxi.
I help my mother with the housework every day.
I helped her hang the picture on the wall.
I helped myself to a cup of coffee.
I hesitate to broach the subject with her.
I hesitate to pay so much for a suit.
I highly doubt Tom wants to see you.
I hit my funny bone on the edge of the table.
I hit the snooze button and went back to sleep.
I hope everything will be fine in the end.
I hope everything will turn out well in the end.
I hope he will come up with a new and good idea.
I hope he'll be able to come! I'd like to see him.
I hope I can be of some help to you.
I hope I can count on your discretion.
I hope I can go there with you today.
I hope I can hold on to my job.
I hope I can keep up with you.
I hope I can manage to make both ends meet.
I hope I can see you at Christmas.
I hope I didn't make a fool of myself.
I hope I didn't make you feel uncomfortable.
I hope I die before I get old.
I hope I don't end up like you.
I hope I don't have to shoot anybody.
I hope I don't have to use this pistol.
I hope I gave you enough money to buy everything you needed.
I hope I get a lot of presents for Christmas.
I hope I never have to do that again.
I hope I won't get fired for this.
I hope I'm wrong, but I doubt it.
I hope it was as much fun for you as it was for me.
I hope it won't be long before I hear from her.
I hope my new stepfather sticks around longer than the last one.
I hope my wedding will be a nice as yours was.
I hope no one saw you come in here.
I hope no one saw you coming in here.
I hope nobody saw you coming in here.
I hope nothing bad will happen to us.
I hope one of you has a knife.
I hope something bad doesn't happen to us.
I hope something good happens before the day is over.
I hope that all your dreams come true.
I hope that he will find his way easily.
I hope that I can rely on you.
I hope that I can see you at Christmas.
I hope that I don't catch a cold.
I hope that I don't have to shoot anyone.
I hope that I gave you enough money to buy everything that you needed.
I hope that I gave you enough money to buy everything you needed.
I hope that I made the right decision.
I hope that I never have to do that again.
I hope that Japan will abide by Article 9 of her Constitution.
I hope that my sister will pass the entrance examination.
I hope that neither of them were involved in that traffic accident.
I hope that no one saw you coming in here.
I hope that no one steals my stuff.
I hope that nobody saw you coming in here.
I hope that one of you has a gun.
I hope that our plane leaves on time.
I hope that our shop doesn't get vandalized.
I hope that she will get well soon.
I hope that that isn't what really happened.
I hope that that never happens to me.
I hope that that never happens to us.
I hope that that's not what really happened.
I hope that the fog will lift soon.
I hope that the weather stays this way.
I hope that Tom and Mary are at school.
I hope that we can salvage the situation.
I hope that what you are eating is healthy.
I hope that what you're eating is healthy.
I hope that you don't catch a cold.
I hope that you had a good time at the party.
I hope that you had a good time.
I hope that you have a good lawyer.
I hope that you know that the last thing I want to do is hurt you.
I hope that you know what you're doing.
I hope that you tipped the delivery boy.
I hope that you will get well soon.
I hope that you won't make the same mistake as Tom.
I hope that you won't take this the wrong way.
I hope that you'll remember this in the future.
I hope the bus will come before long.
I hope the conflict will be resolved peacefully.
I hope the cops catch that guy soon.
I hope the new plan will work out satisfactorily.
I hope the police catch whoever did this.
I hope the weather will be fine tomorrow.
I hope the weather will clear up tomorrow.
I hope they don't resort to violence to accomplish their goals.
I hope things will turn out well for you.
I hope this trip isn't a waste of time.
I hope to build a new house next year.
I hope to continue to see more of the world.
I hope to get away from Tokyo for a few days.
I hope to have my car paid off by next September.
I hope to own my own house someday.
I hope to see reindeer on my trip to Sweden.
I hope to see you again before long.
I hope Tom and Mary are at school.
I hope Tom and Mary don't get arrested.
I hope Tom can stay here all week.
I hope Tom can take care of Mary.
I hope Tom didn't tell anybody I was here.
I hope Tom doesn't have to do that.
I hope Tom is the last one to do that.
I hope Tom likes the gift we bought him.
I hope Tom never gets out of prison.
I hope Tom will tell me what I need to know.
I hope tomorrow will be a good day.
I hope tomorrow will be cooler than today.
I hope we can finish this before 2:30.
I hope we can make it to your party.
I hope we don't have to sell our house.
I hope we don't have to wait for too long.
I hope we don't have to wait too long.
I hope we have better weapons than the enemy does.
I hope we'll be able to keep in touch.
I hope we'll see each other again sometime.
I hope we're going to do something worthwhile.
I hope we're not making a huge mistake.
I hope you and your family have a merry Christmas.
I hope you aren't having a bad week.
I hope you behaved well at school today.
I hope you can be a better father than I was.
I hope you can make good use of it.
I hope you don't hold it against me.
I hope you don't mind if I leave early.
I hope you enjoyed your stay with us.
I hope you find what you're looking for.
I hope you had a good time at the party.
I hope you have a lot of time.
I hope you have a very merry Christmas.
I hope you have brains enough to see the difference.
I hope you know that the last thing I want to do is hurt you.
I hope you know that the last thing that I want to do is hurt you.
I hope you know the last thing I want to do is hurt you.
I hope you like what I made for you.
I hope you like what I've just given you.
I hope you two are very happy together.
I hope you were able to buy everything you need.
I hope you will return it by Monday.
I hope you will succeed in winning the prize.
I hope you won't take this the wrong way.
I hope you won't tell anyone you saw me leave this house.
I hope you won't tell Tom about this.
I hope you'll be a better father than I was.
I hope you'll come to my birthday party.
I hope you'll remember this in the future.
I hope your words spur the people to action.
I hope you're all having a good time.
I hope you're not afraid of the dark.
I hope you're not going to disappoint me.
I hope you're not planning to do that today.
I hope you're not trying to fool us.
I hope you've got some proof to back up your allegations.
I hope you've learned something from your mistake.
I hung my coat in the hall closet.
I hurried and managed to catch the bus.
I hurried in order not to be late for school.
I hurried in order to catch the first train.
I hurried so I wouldn't miss the train.
I hurried to the station only to find that the train had already left.
I imagine that you went through a lot of difficulties.
I immediately recognized them and so did Tom.
I indulged in some duty-free shopping at the airport.
I inquired about the book in many stores.
I insist that he should go with us.
I intend to buy a gold bracelet for my wife.
I intend to buy my wife a gold bracelet.
I intend to go to the library this afternoon.
I intend to stay at a five-star hotel.
I intend to stay there for a week.
I interpreted what he said in French into Japanese.
I ironed out the wrinkles in my pants.
I joined a gym a few years back to lose weight.
I jumped for joy when I heard the news.
I just assumed everything was going to be OK.
I just assumed that everything was going to be OK.
I just bought a new pair of shoes.
I just can't get used to taking orders from Tom.
I just can't stand this hot weather anymore.
I just can't wait to go to school.
I just can't wait to go to work.
I just couldn't bring myself to do it.
I just did what I thought you'd want me to do.
I just did what the boss asked me to do.
I just did what they told me to do.
I just did what you asked me to do.
I just did what you told me to do.
I just didn't want to take any chances.
I just didn't want you to get hurt.
I just didn't want you to go there by yourself.
I just didn't want you to think I was stingy.
I just don't feel like celebrating my birthday.
I just don't feel like doing that tonight.
I just don't feel that way about you.
I just don't get the way that men think.
I just don't know how to do it.
I just don't know how to make it up to you.
I just don't know if I'm good enough.
I just don't know what to do anymore.
I just don't think I can do it.
I just don't understand what goes through the minds of people who troll forums.
I just don't want anybody to get hurt.
I just don't want anyone to be mad at me.
I just don't want our luck to run out.
I just don't want there to be any bloodshed.
I just don't want to be disappointed again.
I just don't want to be left alone.
I just don't want to be reminded of it.
I just don't want to catch your cold.
I just don't want to discuss it right now.
I just don't want to do it again.
I just don't want to do that right now.
I just don't want to fight with you.
I just don't want to get your hopes up.
I just don't want to go with you.
I just don't want to have people thinking I'm weak.
I just don't want to let you down.
I just don't want to say the wrong thing.
I just don't want to see you get disappointed.
I just don't want to see you get hurt.
I just don't want to talk about it.
I just don't want to talk to you.
I just don't want you making any mistakes.
I just don't want you to catch my cold.
I just don't want you to get hurt.
I just don't want you to get upset.
I just don't want you to have it.
I just don't want you to misunderstand me.
I just don't want your dog in my house.
I just felt a little dizzy. That's all.
I just felt like hearing the sound of your voice.
I just figured out how to do it.
I just figured out what the problem is.
I just found out that my boyfriend has been stepping out on me.
I just found out what was going on.
I just found out what's been going on.
I just got a call from my office.
I just got a call from the hospital.
I just got a call from the police.
I just got a call from your school.
I just got a letter from someone I knew a long time ago.
I just got a letter from someone that I knew a long time ago.
I just got back from my morning swim.
I just got here a few hours ago.
I just got my textbooks for this semester.
I just got out of prison three months ago.
I just got there as fast as I could.
I just got up. Give me a few minutes to get ready.
I just had a meeting with the new client.
I just had a sandwich so I'm not hungry.
I just had a talk with your doctor.
I just had a talk with your lawyer.
I just had a talk with your teacher.
I just had something incredibly strange happen to me.
I just had to see this for myself.
I just had to see you guys before I left.
I just have a lot on my mind.
I just have one other thing to do.
I just have one quibble with this product.
I just have so much on my mind.
I just heard an interesting story about Tom.
I just heard that Tom and Mary are coming back to Australia for Christmas.
I just heard that Tom and Mary are coming back to Boston for Christmas.
I just heard that Tom and Mary are moving to Boston.
I just heard Tom and Mary are coming back to Australia for Christmas.
I just hope nothing goes wrong this time.
I just kind of want to be alone right now.
I just know that I don't want to be married to you.
I just learned six new facts about wombats.
I just met the most beautiful woman I've ever seen.
I just need a few hours to finish this report.
I just need to blow off some steam.
I just need you to trust me, OK?
I just read about that in the newspaper.
I just really want to know what happened.
I just remembered something I have to do before tomorrow morning.
I just remembered there's something I have to do.
I just remembered what I had to tell you.
I just said I didn't want to talk about it.
I just saw some things I couldn't identify.
I just saw you talking to Tom less than five minutes ago.
I just sent you a present in the mail.
I just think we need to be extra careful.
I just think you should be careful, that's all.
I just think you should be more careful, that's all.
I just think you're getting worked up over nothing.
I just thought that you wouldn't want to go.
I just thought you might want to go skiing with us.
I just thought you might want to talk.
I just try not to think about it.
I just try to do the best I can.
I just try to do what I can.
I just want a little more of that.
I just want a little more variety in my life.
I just want an affordable place to live.
I just want everybody to like each other.
I just want life to be like it was before.
I just want my past to go away.
I just want some souvenirs to remember this place by.
I just want them both to be happy.
I just want to ask you a few questions.
I just want to ask you a question.
I just want to ask you some questions.
I just want to be a good neighbor.
I just want to be a good person.
I just want to be a little happier.
I just want to be able to support my family and myself.
I just want to be able to visit my children whenever I want to.
I just want to be certain that it's OK.
I just want to be left alone for a while.
I just want to be your friend, nothing more.
I just want to crawl into a hole and die.
I just want to find out the truth.
I just want to find out what happened.
I just want to finish this and leave.
I just want to get a little fresh air.
I just want to get home safe and sound.
I just want to get it over with.
I just want to get my work done.
I just want to get off this bus.
I just want to get off this island.
I just want to get this over with.
I just want to get this thing over with as quickly as possible.
I just want to go back to bed.
I just want to go back to class.
I just want to go home and see my wife and the kids.
I just want to go home and sleep.
I just want to go over this one more time.
I just want to hang out with you.
I just want to have a good time.
I just want to have a little fun.
I just want to hear you talk about it.
I just want to help fix the problem.
I just want to improve as much as I can.
I just want to keep things nice and simple.
I just want to know how far we're going.
I just want to know if you love me.
I just want to know what actually happened.
I just want to know what I'm getting into.
I just want to know what I'm getting involved with.
I just want to know what to expect.
I just want to know what's going on.
I just want to know who's in the room.
I just want to know why you brought me here.
I just want to let you know I can't attend this afternoon's meeting.
I just want to let you know I'll be late tomorrow morning.
I just want to let you know that I can't attend this afternoon's meeting.
I just want to let you know that I won't let you down.
I just want to let you know that I'll be late tomorrow morning.
I just want to live a normal life.
I just want to look at it, that's all.
I just want to make enough money to feed my family.
I just want to make it home in one piece.
I just want to make it up to you.
I just want to make sure it's not poison.
I just want to make sure that his offer has no strings attached.
I just want to make sure this isn't poison.
I just want to make sure we all agree.
I just want to make sure we're all on the same page.
I just want to make sure you live up to your end of the bargain.
I just want to put it all behind us.
I just want to relax and listen to some music.
I just want to say how thankful I am for all your help.
I just want to say I love you.
I just want to say I'm glad that you're here.
I just want to say I'm glad you're here.
I just want to say thanks to you all.
I just want to say that I believe you.
I just want to say that I was wrong.
I just want to see what will happen.
I just want to sleep in a nice soft bed.
I just want to stay in the car.
I just want to take a quick look.
I just want to talk with you a little while.
I just want to tell Tom before somebody else does.
I just want to thank you for all of your help.
I just want to thank you for all your help.
I just want to thank you for your help.
I just want to understand what's going on.
I just want to watch a little television.
I just want to wish you a merry Christmas.
I just want Tom to leave me alone.
I just want you all to know that you can depend on me.
I just want you all to know you can depend on me.
I just want you out of my house.
I just want you to know how much I appreciate this.
I just want you to know how sorry I am.
I just want you to know I don't believe you.
I just want you to know I really love you.
I just want you to know I regret it.
I just want you to know I won't be able to come to your picnic.
I just want you to know I'm here for you.
I just want you to know I'm sorry.
I just want you to know that I don't believe you.
I just want you to know that I really love you.
I just want you to know that I regret it.
I just want you to know that I won't be able to come to your picnic.
I just want you to know that I'm sorry.
I just want you to know you can depend on me.
I just want you to leave me alone.
I just want you to listen to me.
I just want you to remember this feeling.
I just want you to tell me why you lied.
I just want you to tell Tom what you told me.
I just want you to think about it.
I just want you to think about me once in a while.
I just want you to think about that.
I just wanted a shoulder to cry on.
I just wanted some advice from someone who's already been to Boston.
I just wanted to ask you a few questions.
I just wanted to ask you a question.
I just wanted to drop by to say hi.
I just wanted to get here as fast as possible.
I just wanted to get it over with.
I just wanted to give you a heads up.
I just wanted to have a little fun.
I just wanted to know what time Tom would arrive.
I just wanted to let you know I have a date.
I just wanted to let you know that I'd be leaving early today.
I just wanted to listen to some music.
I just wanted to make sure everyone was awake.
I just wanted to make sure I was right.
I just wanted to make sure you were all right.
I just wanted to make sure you were OK.
I just wanted to quickly touch base with you about this.
I just wanted to say thank you for all your help.
I just wanted to say that I love you.
I just wanted to say that I'm sorry.
I just wanted to see how you'd react.
I just wanted to see if I could do it.
I just wanted to see if you knew.
I just wanted to see what it was like.
I just wanted to see what would happen.
I just wanted to take care of you.
I just wanted to tell you how pleased I am.
I just wanted to tell you that I'm really sorry for what I said.
I just wanted to wish you and your family a merry Christmas.
I just wish I could contribute more money.
I just wish I could figure out what to give Tom for Christmas.
I just wish it was easier to do.
I just wish it were easier to do.
I just wish we could leave this horrible place.
I just woke up a few minutes ago.
I keep a daily record of the temperature.
I keep a good supply of stamps to save trips to the post office.
I keep a list of all the countries I've visited.
I keep all my old pictures in the attic in a wooden box.
I keep making the same mistake over and over again.
I keep saying that I'm innocent, but no one will listen.
I kept asking myself why I'm doing this.
I kept him company while his wife was in surgery.
I kept saying that I didn't want to die.
I kept the $20 I found in the street.
I kind of expected you to come alone.
I knew all along that he was telling a lie.
I knew all along that Tom wasn't telling the truth.
I knew he was rich, but I didn't think he was that rich.
I knew I couldn't do it, but I tried anyway.
I knew I had a tough job ahead.
I knew I shouldn't have done it, but I did it anyways.
I knew I shouldn't have put off doing my homework until the last minute.
I knew I shouldn't have worn this color.
I knew I wanted you the moment I saw you.
I knew I was going to be arrested.
I knew I was going to be punished.
I knew I'd broken my wrist the moment I fell.
I knew it would happen sooner or later.
I knew someone would come rescue us eventually.
I knew something terrible was about to happen.
I knew something wasn't right about that guy.
I knew that I was going to be arrested.
I knew that I was going to be punished.
I knew that that was going to happen.
I knew that that was what you wanted.
I knew that Tom couldn't swim as well as I could.
I knew that Tom couldn't swim as well as me.
I knew that Tom had lied to us.
I knew that Tom knew when I wanted to do that.
I knew that Tom knew who was going to do that.
I knew that Tom used to live in Boston.
I knew that Tom was a bad driver.
I knew that Tom was a bad loser.
I knew that Tom was a bit crazy.
I knew that Tom was a busy man.
I knew that Tom was a crooked cop.
I knew that Tom was lying to me.
I knew that Tom was lying to us.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to win.
I knew that Tom wasn't telling the truth.
I knew that Tom would accept my invitation.
I knew that Tom would do something romantic.
I knew that Tom would sing that song.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to learn enough French in just three weeks.
I knew that Tom wouldn't refuse to do that.
I knew there had to be a better way.
I knew there was something different about you.
I knew there was something fishy about that guy.
I knew there would be something to eat.
I knew there would be trouble when Tom walked into the room.
I knew things about Tom that even his parents didn't know.
I knew this day was going to come.
I knew this was a waste of time.
I knew this was too good to be true.
I knew this would be hard for you.
I knew Tom couldn't swim as well as me.
I knew Tom knew when I wanted to do that.
I knew Tom knew who was going to do that.
I knew Tom used to live in Boston.
I knew Tom was reluctant to do that.
I knew Tom would be upset if I did that.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to learn enough French in just three weeks.
I knew Tom wouldn't refuse to do that.
I knew we should've tried to help Tom.
I knew we were going to get married the moment I met you.
I knew you liked me even though you never showed it.
I knew you two would hit it off.
I knew you two would like each other.
I knew you wanted to show me something.
I knew you wanted to tell me something.
I knew you were going to ask that.
I knew you were going to say that.
I knew you wouldn't like it in Boston.
I knew you wouldn't want to do that.
I knew you'd be able to do that.
I knew you'd come back sooner or later.
I knew you'd know where to find Tom.
I knew you'd like what Tom gave you.
I knew you'd want to go with us.
I knocked on the door, but nobody answered.
I knocked on the door, but there was no answer.
I knocked on the front door, but there was no answer.
I knocked, but no one opened the door.
I know a better way to do that.
I know a faster way to do this.
I know a few words of French, just enough to be understood.
I know a girl who speaks French very well.
I know a girl whose father is a lawyer.
I know a good lawyer who can help you.
I know a guy who goes fishing almost every weekend.
I know a guy who's never seen snow.
I know a lot of people don't agree with me.
I know a lot of people who can speak French.
I know a lot of people who don't know how to play chess.
I know a lot of people who don't own cars.
I know a very good way to get it done.
I know a woman whose first and last names are the same as mine.
I know all of this is just a game.
I know an American girl who speaks Japanese very well.
I know better than to be believe such a rumor.
I know deep down you're a good person.
I know exactly what I'm going to do.
I know exactly what needs to be done.
I know exactly where I want to go.
I know exactly who Tom plans to marry.
I know he will only continue disappointing me, but I can't help loving him.
I know her by sight, but I've never spoken to her.
I know he's the one who did it.
I know him by name, but not by sight.
I know him by sight, but I have never actually spoken to him.
I know him by sight, but not by name.
I know his address, but it's a secret.
I know how difficult this is for you.
I know how hard it is to do that.
I know how important Tom is to you.
I know how proud you are of your work.
I know how stressful that kind of situation can be.
I know how to read between the lines.
I know how to solve the problem, but I've been asked not to tell you.
I know how to swim, but I don't like swimming in the river.
I know how to take care of myself.
I know how we can have some fun.
I know how we can make a lot of money.
I know I can always count on you.
I know I can count on every one of you.
I know I can count on you all.
I know I can make it on time.
I know I could've done that, but I didn't.
I know I don't have any chance of winning.
I know I got it right this time.
I know I have a lot to learn.
I know I have no chance of winning.
I know I should have said something, but I didn't know what to say.
I know I'll be able to do it.
I know I'm not ready to do that.
I know I'm not the brightest girl in the world.
I know I'm supposed to enjoy this class, but I don't.
I know it means a lot to you.
I know it sounds crazy, but it's true.
I know it sounds strange, but it's true.
I know it was you who did it.
I know it won't be easy to do that.
I know it's been really hard for you.
I know it's going to be unpleasant to talk about the accident.
I know it's highly unlikely I'll be able to convince you that you're wrong.
I know it's highly unlikely that I'll be able to convince you that you're wrong.
I know it's in the apartment, but I can't find it.
I know it's not as easy as it looks.
I know it's not true, but it definitely seems like the sun revolves around the Earth.
I know it's not what you suggested, but it was all I could do.
I know it's Tom who's knocking on the door.
I know it's unrealistic to expect Tom to do that.
I know I've said some pretty stupid things today.
I know lots of people want to do that.
I know Mary is more beautiful than I am.
I know Mary is pretty, but she's not very smart.
I know more about you than you realize.
I know most people here can't speak French.
I know nothing about her except that she is a pianist.
I know now what I have to do.
I know now what we have to do.
I know of him, but I don't know him personally.
I know only one way to do this.
I know plenty of guys want to go out with you.
I know quite a few people who don't eat meat.
I know she puts up with a lot from me.
I know some of your students don't like you.
I know somebody who speaks French very well.
I know somebody who's perfect for the job.
I know someone needs to tell Tom about Mary's death. Does it have to be me?
I know something bad is going to happen.
I know that all of this is just a game.
I know that deep down you're a good person.
I know that I calculated the bill correctly.
I know that I can always count on you.
I know that I can count on every one of you.
I know that I can count on you.
I know that I can make a difference.
I know that I can make it on time.
I know that I can rely on you.
I know that I can't do that as well as you.
I know that I can't take Tom's place.
I know that I could've done that, but I didn't.
I know that I didn't cause this problem.
I know that I didn't do anything wrong.
I know that I don't want to be married to you.
I know that I have a lot to learn.
I know that I haven't been a very good father.
I know that I should be sleeping now.
I know that I should have said something, but I didn't know what to say.
I know that I should've done that yesterday.
I know that I should've gotten here earlier.
I know that I should've said something, but I didn't know what to say.
I know that I should've stayed in Boston.
I know that I'll have to be punished.
I know that I'm going to be fired.
I know that I'm going to be sick.
I know that I'm going to regret this.
I know that I'm not going to win.
I know that I'm not the brightest girl in the world.
I know that I'm supposed to enjoy this class, but I don't.
I know that it is highly unlikely that anyone can help me.
I know that it is highly unlikely that anyone knows me.
I know that it is highly unlikely that anyone would be willing to help me.
I know that it is highly unlikely that we'll be able to sell all this stuff.
I know that it is highly unlikely that we'll see any whales today.
I know that it's highly unlikely I'll be able to convince you that you're wrong.
I know that it's highly unlikely that I'll be able to convince you that you're wrong.
I know that it's unrealistic to expect Tom to do that.
I know that I've said some pretty stupid things today.
I know that I've told you this before.
I know that Japanese songs are very difficult for us.
I know that lots of people want to do that.
I know that Mary is more beautiful than I am.
I know that Mary is more beautiful than me.
I know that most people here can't speak French.
I know that plenty of guys want to go out with you.
I know that she doesn't know who I am.
I know that some of your students don't like you.
I know that somebody has to do that.
I know that that change won't be easy.
I know that that isn't what you want.
I know that that wasn't the answer you wanted.
I know that that wasn't the right thing to do.
I know that that would make me happy.
I know that that would make you happy.
I know that that's not what you want.
I know that that's not why you're here.
I know that the last thing you want to do is help me.
I know that the last thing you want to do is hurt me.
I know that there was a big church here.
I know that they'll all want to help you.
I know that they're in love with each other.
I know that things haven't been easy for you.
I know that this is important for us all.
I know that this is important to you.
I know that this is none of my business.
I know that this is the first time this has happened to you.
I know that Tom and Mary didn't sing together.
I know that Tom and Mary used to be friends.
I know that Tom and only Tom can do that.
I know that Tom can do that today.
I know that Tom did that for us.
I know that Tom didn't know that you didn't want to do that.
I know that Tom didn't know you didn't want to do that.
I know that Tom does that every morning.
I know that Tom doesn't know anybody who does that.
I know that Tom has gone to Boston.
I know that Tom is a bad loser.
I know that Tom is a bit chubby.
I know that Tom is a bit crazy.
I know that Tom is a brave man.
I know that Tom is a bright boy.
I know that Tom is a bright guy.
I know that Tom is a bright kid.
I know that Tom is a buddy of yours.
I know that Tom is a bus driver.
I know that Tom is a cat lover.
I know that Tom is a clever kid.
I know that Tom is a coal miner.
I know that Tom is a doctor now.
I know that Tom is a father now.
I know that Tom is a good actor.
I know that Tom is a good boss.
I know that Tom is a good chef.
I know that Tom is a good cook.
I know that Tom is a good diver.
I know that Tom is a good pilot.
I know that Tom is a hockey fan.
I know that Tom is a lazy kid.
I know that Tom is a light eater.
I know that Tom is a little late.
I know that Tom is a little shy.
I know that Tom is a lot taller than Mary is.
I know that Tom is a lot taller than Mary.
I know that Tom is a party animal.
I know that Tom is a picky eater.
I know that Tom is a selfish man.
I know that Tom is a smart man.
I know that Tom is a strange guy.
I know that Tom is a strong guy.
I know that Tom is a strong man.
I know that Tom is a tough guy.
I know that Tom is about my age.
I know that Tom is about the same age as we are.
I know that Tom is about to cry.
I know that Tom is afraid of doctors.
I know that Tom is afraid of me.
I know that Tom is afraid of us.
I know that Tom is all right now.
I know that Tom is hiding something from me.
I know that Tom is in great shape.
I know that Tom is in the garden.
I know that Tom is just a child.
I know that Tom is more handsome than I am.
I know that Tom is more handsome than me.
I know that Tom is smarter than I am.
I know that Tom is smarter than me.
I know that Tom is still in love with Mary.
I know that Tom isn't a hockey fan.
I know that Tom isn't a nice guy.
I know that Tom isn't a person who does things very quickly.
I know that Tom isn't a very good manager.
I know that Tom isn't a very hard worker.
I know that Tom isn't a wise man.
I know that Tom isn't in bed yet.
I know that Tom knew I did that.
I know that Tom might want to learn how to do that.
I know that Tom really does care about you.
I know that Tom talks about Mary a lot.
I know that Tom told Mary not to do that.
I know that Tom used to be a border patrol agent.
I know that Tom wanted to be finished doing that before Monday evening.
I know that Tom wanted to meet you.
I know that tune, but I can't remember the lyrics.
I know that wasn't the answer you wanted.
I know that wasn't the right thing to do.
I know that we can count on Tom to do that.
I know that we can do this if we try.
I know that what I did was really stupid.
I know that you and Tom are friends.
I know that you aren't planning on staying here for a long time.
I know that you aren't stupid enough to believe that.
I know that you did it on purpose.
I know that you did that on purpose.
I know that you didn't really want to come on this trip.
I know that you don't know how to speak French.
I know that you don't like me much.
I know that you don't often leave early.
I know that you don't speak French very well.
I know that you don't want to hear what I'm about to say.
I know that you don't want to hurt me.
I know that you don't want to talk about what happened.
I know that you have an essay to write.
I know that you have issues with your mom.
I know that you have to go back to Boston.
I know that you haven't done it yet.
I know that you know where Tom is.
I know that you lied to me the other day.
I know that you make fun of me behind my back.
I know that you might think I'm too young.
I know that you must have a lot of questions.
I know that you recently got a job.
I know that you recently got a new job.
I know that you still think about me.
I know that you think there's no hope.
I know that you think this is crazy.
I know that you want to be happy.
I know that you want to be rich.
I know that you want to go home.
I know that you want to go to sleep.
I know that you want to help Tom.
I know that you want to make me happy.
I know that you want to talk to Tom.
I know that you wanted to show me something.
I know that you were born in Boston.
I know that you were in Boston last summer.
I know that you were in Boston last weekend.
I know that you were the one who did that.
I know that you won't be able to do that without some help.
I know that you won't be busy all day tomorrow.
I know that you'd prefer a bottle of red wine.
I know that you'll do what needs to be done.
I know that you'll make the right decision.
I know that you're busy, but can I talk to you for a minute?
I know that you're busy, but I could use some help.
I know that you're going to come back.
I know that you're going to say no.
I know that you're in love with me.
I know that you're not planning on staying here for a long time.
I know that you're not stupid enough to believe that.
I know that you're probably mad about what I said yesterday.
I know that you're richer than I am.
I know that you're smarter than I am.
I know that you're still angry with me.
I know that you're the one who did that.
I know that you're upset. We all are.
I know that you've been through a lot.
I know that you've got more important things to do.
I know that you've got more important things to think about.
I know that you've spent the last three years in prison.
I know the cure for what ails you.
I know the exact time when that happened.
I know the house where he was born.
I know the last thing that you want to do is hurt me.
I know the last thing you want to do is help me.
I know the last thing you want to do is hurt me.
I know the perfect place for our party.
I know the photographer who took this picture.
I know the real reason for his absence.
I know the reason that she quit her job.
I know the reason why Tom was angry with them.
I know the reason, but I can't tell you.
I know there was a big church here.
I know these streets like the back of my hand.
I know they'll all want to help you.
I know they're as happy as I am.
I know they're in love with each other.
I know things haven't been easy for you.
I know this house used to be yours.
I know this is hard for you to understand.
I know this is important for us all.
I know this is none of my business.
I know this isn't what you really wanted, but it's all I have.
I know this must be hard for you.
I know this must come as a shock.
I know Tom and Mary didn't sing together.
I know Tom and Mary used to be friends.
I know Tom and only Tom can do that.
I know Tom better than I know you.
I know Tom is a friend of yours.
I know Tom is a lot older than my father is.
I know Tom is a lot taller than Mary is.
I know Tom is a lot taller than Mary.
I know Tom is about the same age as we are.
I know Tom is more handsome than I am.
I know Tom is more handsome than me.
I know Tom is still in love with Mary.
I know Tom isn't a very hard worker.
I know Tom might want to learn how to do that.
I know Tom really does care about you.
I know Tom talks about Mary a lot.
I know Tom told Mary not to do that.
I know Tom used to be a border patrol agent.
I know Tom wants to make a good impression.
I know Tom wants us to go swimming with him.
I know Tom was hesitant to do that.
I know Tom will probably not help Mary do that.
I know Tom won't allow me to do that.
I know we can do this if we try.
I know we don't really know each other all that well.
I know we've had problems, but I think they've all been solved.
I know what both of you are thinking.
I know what I did was really stupid.
I know what I should've done, but I just didn't have enough time to do it.
I know what I'm giving you for Christmas.
I know what it feels like to be all alone.
I know what it means to be alone.
I know what it's like to be alone.
I know what it's like to be different.
I know what it's like to be heartbroken.
I know what it's like to be poor.
I know what it's like to be the new guy.
I know what it's like to lose someone you love.
I know what it's like to lose someone.
I know what the three of you want.
I know what they want me to do.
I know what they'll want me to do.
I know what Tom and Mary are capable of.
I know what Tom and Mary are going through.
I know what you must be going through.
I know what you want to talk about.
I know what you're thinking, but it's not true.
I know what you're trying to tell me.
I know what's written on it because I wrote it.
I know what's written on it because I'm the one that wrote it.
I know where they will be this afternoon.
I know whether or not he is an enemy.
I know which of the two girls you like better.
I know who didn't do what they were supposed to do.
I know who I'd recommend for the job.
I know who it is you're looking for.
I know who you want to talk to.
I know why Tom doesn't want to dance.
I know why Tom has to do that.
I know why Tom wasn't supposed to do that.
I know why you didn't tell the truth.
I know why you don't want to go.
I know you aren't planning on staying here for a long time.
I know you aren't stupid enough to believe that.
I know you considered me a close friend.
I know you didn't really want to come on this trip.
I know you don't know how to speak French.
I know you don't like me very much.
I know you don't speak French very well.
I know you don't want to hear what I'm about to say.
I know you don't want to hurt me.
I know you don't want to talk about what happened.
I know you have an essay to write.
I know you have issues with your mom.
I know you have to go back to Boston.
I know you lied to me the other day.
I know you make fun of me behind my back.
I know you might think I'm too young.
I know you might think that I'm too young.
I know you must have a lot of questions.
I know you probably want to be alone, so I'll leave.
I know you recently got a new job.
I know you see it, but are you really looking at it?
I know you want to go to sleep.
I know you want to make me happy.
I know you want to talk to Tom.
I know you wanted to show me something.
I know you were in Boston last summer.
I know you were in Boston last weekend.
I know you were the one who did that.
I know you won't be able to do that without some help.
I know you won't believe this, but I swear it's true.
I know you'd prefer a bottle of red wine.
I know you'll be angry if I tell you everything. That's why I don't want to.
I know you'll do what needs to be done.
I know your mom doesn't want you to talk to me.
I know your time is valuable, but could I ask you just one question?
I know you're busy, but can I talk to you for a minute?
I know you're busy, but I could use some help.
I know you're going through a lot right now.
I know you're hiding somewhere in this room.
I know you're just doing that to annoy me.
I know you're just trying to help, and I appreciate that.
I know you're nervous, but rest assured, you won't feel a thing.
I know you're not coming to my party, but I wish you were.
I know you're not going to come to my party, but I wish you were.
I know you're not planning on staying here for a long time.
I know you're probably mad about what I said yesterday.
I know you're still in love with me.
I know you're the one who did that.
I know you've got more important things to do.
I know you've got more important things to think about.
I know you've spent the last three years in prison.
I laid down for a short nap and fell asleep for two hours.
I laughed when Tom told me he was planning to get married.
I laughed when Tom told me that he was planning to get married.
I lay in bed thinking about everything that had happened that day.
I leaned forward so I could catch every word he said.
I learned a lot from what I heard.
I learned how to ride a bike when I was six years old.
I learned how to use a hammer from my dad.
I learned on the job, just like everyone else.
I learned that in the first year of medical school.
I learned that when I was a kid.
I learned that when I was in high school.
I learned to drive a car and got a driver's license when I was eighteen.
I leave home before eight o'clock every morning.
I left a lot of good friends in Boston.
I left a note on your door this morning.
I left home early so I wouldn't miss the train.
I left my address book in my room.
I left my baby in her care and went shopping.
I left my bag on the overhead rack in the train.
I left my car keys on my desk.
I left my handkerchief in the classroom yesterday.
I left my keys on the table. Could you bring them to me?
I left my tennis racket on the train.
I left my toolbox in the basement next to the furnace.
I left my umbrella behind in the taxi.
I left my wallet at home on that particular day.
I left my wallet at home. Could you lend me some money?
I left my wallet in my other jacket.
I left one of my books at school.
I left some stuff I need in the car.
I left the key at the reception desk.
I left work early and went straight home.
I left you a message at the front desk.
I lent her 500 dollars free of interest.
I lent him a book, but he has not given it back yet.
I let him spend the night in my house.
I let my sister use my new computer.
I let the cat out of the house.
I let Tom do that anytime he wants to.
I lied to my boyfriend about my age.
I lied to my girlfriend about my age.
I like all of the songs that Tom sings.
I like all of the songs Tom sings.
I like Alpine skiing better than Nordic skiing.
I like children. That's why I became a teacher.
I like dogs, but my sister likes cats.
I like eggs for breakfast, but my sister prefers oatmeal.
I like flowers such as roses and lilies.
I like fruit such as grapes and peaches.
I like going for a walk in the park.
I like grapes, but I can't eat so many.
I like helping my grandparents in the garden.
I like him not because he is kind but because he is honest.
I like his new house, but I had not expected it to be so small.
I like hot tea better than iced tea.
I like it when you put your arms around me.
I like jazz. What kind of music do you like?
I like listening to classical music a lot.
I like listening to Tom play the guitar.
I like lots of butter on my toast in the morning.
I like meat, but eggs do not agree with me.
I like music, and I listen to it every day.
I like my cookies chewy rather than crunchy.
I like my life the way it is now.
I like red wine better than white wine.
I like rice more than I like bread.
I like shopping at the local farmers' market.
I like spring the best of the seasons.
I like summer, but I can't stand the heat.
I like swimming in lakes and rivers more than swimming in the ocean.
I like swimming, but I don't like to swim here.
I like tennis better than I like soccer.
I like tennis the best of all sports.
I like the kind of music that Tom plays.
I like the kind of music that Tom writes.
I like the mountains more than I like the sea.
I like the new guy. He's not afraid to take on challenging work.
I like the original better than the remix.
I like the red ones on the shelf.
I like the slow rhythm of that song.
I like the smell of bread just out of the oven.
I like the Terminator films because the special effects are fantastic.
I like the way she laughs at my jokes.
I like things just the way they are.
I like this book better than that one.
I like this coat. May I try it on?
I like this hat better than that one.
I like this picture, not because it is a masterpiece, but because it has charm.
I like this picture, not just because it's famous, but because it really is a masterpiece.
I like to add basil to season my spaghetti sauce.
I like to cook all kinds of food.
I like to go fishing with my father.
I like to play music written by my friends.
I like to put an ice cube into my coffee, because it's usually too hot.
I like to read before going to sleep.
I like to relax with a good novel.
I like to shop at that department store.
I like to sit in the front of the bus.
I like to spend time in public libraries.
I like to spread honey on my toast in the morning.
I like to take a hot bath every night before bed.
I like to take things apart to see what makes them tick.
I like to talk about the good old days.
I like what you did with your hair.
I like what you've done with this place.
I like white roses better than red ones.
I like white roses more than red ones.
I like you better than my last girlfriend.
I like you just the way you are.
I like your cat, but she doesn't like me.
I liked climbing trees when I was a kid.
I liked walking alone on the deserted beach in the evening.
I liked walking alone on the deserted beach.
I liked what you said at the meeting.
I listened but couldn't make out what they were saying.
I listened to the radio while I worked.
I live here because it's close to where I work.
I live in a small shack near the river.
I live in a town, but my parents live in the country.
I live miles away from the nearest station.
I live near her house, but I seldom see her.
I live near the sea, so I often get to go to the beach.
I live near the sea, so I often go to the beach.
I live with my mother, brother and my grandparents.
I lived in this house as a child.
I look forward to hearing from you soon.
I look forward to hearing you sing tonight.
I look forward to hearing your thoughts on this matter.
I look forward to meeting you again soon.
I look forward to reading your new novel.
I look forward to seeing them this spring.
I look forward to seeing you again soon.
I look forward to seeing you again very soon.
I look forward to seeing you at Christmas.
I look forward to seeing you on my next trip to your city.
I look on you as my best friend.
I look up the words in my dictionary.
I looked all over the house for that letter.
I looked around and noticed that mine was the only car on the road.
I looked around hoping to spot a friendly face.
I looked at my watch and noted that it was past five.
I looked at the calendar on the wall.
I looked in my closet for something to wear.
I looked the word up in the dictionary.
I looked Tom in the eyes and told him the truth.
I looked up all the words I didn't know in the dictionary.
I looked up the word in the dictionary.
I lost a shoe. I'm sure that someone hid it.
I lost my camera a little while ago.
I lost my passport. I'll have to get a new one.
I lost my purse on my way to school.
I lost my receipt. Can I still get a refund?
I lost my temper and kicked the vending machine.
I lost my ticket. What should I do?
I lost my wallet on the way to school.
I lost my watch, so I have to buy a new one.
I lost one of my boys in the war.
I lost sight of her in the crowd.
I lost the door key, so I can't enter the house.
I lost the hat I bought in Boston.
I lost the hat that I bought in Boston.
I lost the watch my father had given me.
I lost the watch that my father gave me.
I lost track of all time during our walk in the woods.
I love both of you with all my heart.
I love children. That's why I became a teacher.
I love her all the more for her faults.
I love her so much that I can't leave her.
I love him more than any of the other boys.
I love him, but he loves someone else.
I love how you think of other people's needs before your own.
I love it when you cook for me.
I love looking at everyone's colorful kimonos on Coming of Age Day.
I love red wine but I don't like white.
I love the fact that you always seem to care so much.
I love the smell of freshly baked bread.
I love the smell of pancakes in the morning.
I love the sound of rain on the roof.
I love the way you make me laugh.
I love to hear a grandfather clock chime.
I love to spend time trying to put together a puzzle.
I love watching movies that make me think.
I love what you've done to this place.
I love what you've done with the place.
I love you and I don't want anything bad to happen to you.
I love you and I want to marry you.
I love you and I'll always love you.
I love you from the bottom of my heart.
I love you just the way you are.
I love you more and more each day.
I love you more and more every day.
I love you more deeply than I can say.
I love you more than you love me.
I love you too much to do that.
I loved my ex-wife, but I just couldn't live with her anymore.
I loved reading when I was a child.
I loved that movie when I was a kid.
I loved to climb trees when I was a kid.
I made a bet that she would win the game.
I made a big mistake when choosing my wife.
I made a deposit at the bank today.
I made a deposit of $1,000 at the bank.
I made a list of people I wanted to invite to my party.
I made a list of things I needed to bring with me.
I made a list of things I needed to do.
I made a lot of mistakes back then.
I made a note of the telephone number.
I made a reservation at our favorite restaurant.
I made an appointment to see him at seven o'clock.
I made an appointment to see the doctor at four o'clock.
I made an effort to finish my work.
I made friends with a student from abroad.
I made friends with her during my stay in London.
I made friends with them at the school festival.
I made hotel reservations one month in advance.
I made my peace with my aunt before she died.
I made myself a cup of hot chocolate.
I made sure no one was following me.
I made sure that no one was watching.
I made the best of my small room.
I made up my mind to go there.
I made up my mind to study as hard as I can.
I made very short work of the big steak.
I make a point of getting up before six.
I make it a rule never to ask a woman how old she is.
I make it a rule never to borrow money.
I make it a rule not to stay up late.
I make it a rule not to watch television after nine o'clock.
I make it a rule to brush my teeth before I go to bed.
I make it a rule to study math every day.
I make it a rule to take a walk every morning.
I make it a rule to take a walk for half an hour every morning.
I managed to acquire the book after a long search.
I managed to catch the 8 o'clock train by running all the way to the station.
I managed to make myself understood in English.
I managed to repair my car by myself.
I may be able to come to your office Monday afternoon.
I may be crazy, but I'm not stupid.
I may be old, but I'm not crazy.
I may be the only person who knows how to do that.
I may be unsociable, but it doesn't mean I don't talk to people.
I may go out if the rain lets up.
I may have done something like that once.
I may have left my wallet on the bus.
I may have met him somewhere before, but I can't recall where.
I may have told you such a thing, but I don't remember it at all.
I may have told you this story before.
I may know someone who can help you.
I may never be able to walk again.
I may not be able to cope with those problems.
I may not get anything I asked for.
I meant to do that, but I forgot to.
I meant to have that done by now.
I meet him at the club from time to time.
I meet with him once every six months.
I met a dog on my way home.
I met a friend of mine at the airport.
I met a friend while I was waiting for a bus.
I met a man from Boston this afternoon.
I met an American who was interested in Noh plays.
I met an old friend on the street yesterday.
I met an old man near the station.
I met an old student of mine in London.
I met her at the station by accident.
I met her by accident on Third Avenue.
I met her by chance at a restaurant yesterday.
I met her by chance on a train.
I met her in London for the first time.
I met her in the store by accident.
I met her in the winter of last year.
I met her on my way to school.
I met her on the street by accident.
I met her on the way to school.
I met him at the end of the platform.
I met him by accident at the airport yesterday.
I met him just as he was coming out of school.
I met him on my way from school.
I met him on my way home from school.
I met him on the street by chance.
I met him once when I was a student.
I met him then for the first time.
I met him while he was in Japan.
I met him while I was staying in Paris.
I met him yesterday for the first time.
I met my teacher on the way to the station.
I met one of my friends on my way home.
I met some friends while I was waiting for a bus.
I met someone the other day that I think I could fall in love with.
I met Tom at his office in Boston.
I met Tom in the library on Monday.
I met Tom on my way to school.
I met Tom on the way to school.
I met your son yesterday and he greeted me politely.
I might as well get a head start.
I might be drunk, but I'm not crazy.
I might have to come home late. In that case, I'll phone you.
I might have to get my tonsils out.
I might've done well on yesterday's test, but I don't know the results yet.
I miss the hustle and bustle of city life.
I miss you. I need to see you. Could I come over?
I missed a step on the stairs and I'm afraid I sprained my ankle.
I missed going out with her and eating at our favorite restaurant.
I missed my bus, so I had to walk here.
I missed my flight. Can I get on the next flight?
I missed seeing that movie. Did you see it?
I missed the end of the movie because of you.
I missed the first part of the concert.
I missed the last bus and had to walk home in the rain.
I missed the last train, so I had to walk all the way home.
I missed the train by only a few minutes.
I missed the train by only one minute.
I missed you a lot while you were in Boston.
I mistook her for her sister. They look so much alike.
I mistook her for Minako. They look so much alike.
I mistook you for your sister when I first saw you.
I moved closer, so I could hear better.
I moved nearer in order to hear better.
I moved out of my parent's house to live on my own.
I moved to the neighborhood about two years ago.
I must admit that I don't like contemporary music much.
I must admit that it was my fault.
I must admit that I've never heard of it.
I must apologize for not having written for such a long time.
I must calculate how much money I'll spend next week.
I must complete it as soon as possible.
I must confer with my colleagues on the matter.
I must confess that my theory doesn't account for that fact.
I must discuss that new plan with him.
I must find a way to earn a lot of money.
I must find out who is behind this.
I must finish it before I go out.
I must get my work done by the day after tomorrow.
I must get the book back from him.
I must get this work finished by next Tuesday.
I must go to the station at three o'clock.
I must have my work finished by tomorrow.
I must have tried on everything in the shop, but nothing looked right on me.
I must make up for lost time by driving fast.
I must offer you an apology for coming late.
I must pass this exam, no matter what.
I must remember to buy that book tomorrow.
I must sell my farm to pay off my debts.
I must think over the matter before giving my answer.
I must visit my friend in the hospital.
I must warn you that if you do this again you will be punished.
I must work hard to make up for lost time.
I must write in my diary every day.
I mustered up my courage and went there.
I must've lost my key along the way.
I myself didn't have to go and meet him there.
I narrowly escaped being run over by a car.
I nearly fainted when I heard the story.
I nearly got hit by a truck today.
I nearly left my umbrella on the train.
I nearly spilled my coffee on the keyboard.
I need a bit more time to decide.
I need a few people to help me.
I need a hacksaw to finish this job.
I need a hammer to nail the boards.
I need a jack to change my tire.
I need a lawyer who can speak French.
I need a lot of cloth to make a long dress.
I need a new broom. This one's shot.
I need a pair of scissors to cut this paper.
I need a pen. Could I borrow one?
I need a pencil. Can I use one of yours?
I need a pencil. May I use one of yours?
I need a tool for pulling weeds in my garden.
I need a vase to put these flowers in.
I need all the help I can get.
I need all the luck I can get.
I need an envelope, a piece of paper, and a pencil or a pen.
I need help translating this document into French.
I need more time to make up my mind.
I need more time to think about it.
I need some cardboard boxes to pack my possessions.
I need some medicine to kill the pain.
I need some paper, pencils, ink and so on.
I need some sugar to make a cake.
I need some sugar. Do you have any?
I need some time to think about it.
I need someone to hold me and tell me everything will be all right.
I need someone who I can talk to.
I need that information as soon as possible.
I need the key to decode this message.
I need this to round out my collection.
I need thread to sew on this button.
I need time to mull things over before I decide what to do.
I need time to think about all of this.
I need to ask you a few more questions.
I need to ask you a silly question.
I need to ask you for a favor.
I need to ask you for a little favor.
I need to ask you one more favor.
I need to ask you some more questions.
I need to be alone for a while.
I need to be at work by 7:30.
I need to be with my kids for Christmas.
I need to borrow some money to buy some medicine for my mother.
I need to buy a gift for Tom.
I need to buy a muzzle for my dog.
I need to buy booze for the party.
I need to catch up on some sleep.
I need to do some shopping since Christmas is coming soon.
I need to do this three times a day for a month.
I need to figure out what I'm doing wrong.
I need to find a better job on the double to pay my bills.
I need to find a good hiding place.
I need to find a higher paying job.
I need to find a new hiding place.
I need to find a place to live.
I need to find another way to earn a living.
I need to find out who he is.
I need to find out who he was.
I need to find people to chill with.
I need to find somebody who can babysit on Friday nights.
I need to find something to cut this with.
I need to find something to open this bottle with.
I need to finish cleaning out the garage.
I need to finish this work before it gets dark.
I need to finish writing the article today, no matter what.
I need to get a new pair of glasses.
I need to get back to the hospital.
I need to get myself a new pair of glasses.
I need to get on with my work.
I need to get out of this place.
I need to get rid of a lot of things that I don't use anymore.
I need to get something done very quickly.
I need to get to this meeting now.
I need to go back to Boston for a funeral.
I need to go change into something warmer.
I need to go get some money out of the bank.
I need to go out for a while.
I need to go visit my sister who lives in Australia.
I need to have a talk with you.
I need to have a word with you in my office.
I need to hide these Christmas presents somewhere that Tom can't find them.
I need to hide these Christmas presents somewhere Tom can't find them.
I need to know everything that you know about Tom.
I need to know if you are planning to come.
I need to know what happened that night.
I need to know what Tom did yesterday.
I need to know what we're up against.
I need to know what you saw that night.
I need to know where Tom buried the gold.
I need to know who I have to give this to.
I need to know why you weren't here.
I need to know your answer by Friday.
I need to look that word up in the dictionary.
I need to make a lot of changes.
I need to make an urgent call. Is there a public phone near here?
I need to make sure your leg isn't broken.
I need to pay this bill by tomorrow.
I need to put the children to bed.
I need to see you in my office.
I need to shovel snow off of the roof.
I need to speak to someone right away.
I need to speak with you right away.
I need to take a French class this year.
I need to take care of my kids.
I need to talk to Tom right now.
I need to talk to you about an urgent matter.
I need to talk to you about something.
I need to talk to you about this.
I need to talk to you about your grades.
I need to talk to you for a second.
I need to talk to you in person.
I need to talk to you in private.
I need to talk to you right now.
I need to talk with you about something.
I need to tell my wife I'll be late.
I need to understand the meaning of this sentence.
I need to verify everything you've told us.
I need you to come home right now.
I need you to do me a big favor.
I need you to do me a favor.
I need you to focus and listen to me.
I need you to go to the post office and mail this letter.
I need you to help me move this bookcase.
I need you to show me what you have in your bag.
I need you to take in the hem by about an inch.
I need you to tell me the truth.
I need you to tell me what to do.
I need you to urinate in this cup.
I need your answer before the day's over.
I need your answer by the end of the day.
I need your consent to test you for COVID-19.
I needed a break, so I took one.
I needed a place to sit down and rest.
I needed to be sure he'd come here.
I needed to justify why I was earning such a large salary.
I needed your help on something, but I couldn't find you.
I needed your help, but I couldn't find you.
I never answer email messages from people I don't know.
I never claimed that I could speak French.
I never dreamed of there being such a quiet place in this noisy city.
I never dreamed that I would meet her again.
I never dreamed that I would meet her there.
I never expected that she would join us.
I never expected to find such a nice hotel in a place like this.
I never felt this way before I met you.
I never for a moment imagined that I would win.
I never for a moment imagined that I'd be able to meet so many famous people.
I never for a moment imagined that I'd be homeless.
I never for a moment imagined that I'd be singled out for a full body search.
I never for a moment imagined that my blog would become so popular.
I never for a moment imagined we wouldn't get home before the storm hit.
I never found what I was looking for.
I never go on vacation without my cellphone.
I never got good grades in junior high school.
I never had the opportunity to use it.
I never have enough time to do my homework.
I never have had occasion to use it.
I never imagined he'd do that to me.
I never imagined I'd be working for you.
I never imagined I'd feel this way about you.
I never imagined myself going home so early.
I never imagined so many people would come to my party.
I never imagined that I'd feel this way about you.
I never imagined we'd be talking about this topic today.
I never imagined we'd end up like this.
I never leave on vacation without first cleaning my apartment.
I never let anybody come into my apartment.
I never let anyone else feed my dog.
I never look at this picture without thinking of those happy days.
I never make a speech without being nervous.
I never meant for any of this to happen.
I never meant for things to happen the way they did.
I never meant to hurt any of you.
I never meant to put you in any danger.
I never miss the opportunity to eat Italian food.
I never realized how awful living all alone could be.
I never realized how hard it must be to be a woman.
I never realized how much I would miss you.
I never realized you were interested in Japanese art.
I never really wanted to learn how to swim.
I never remember the funny stories people tell me.
I never said that it wasn't a good idea.
I never said this job would be easy.
I never see her without thinking of her mother.
I never see this picture without thinking of my father.
I never see you without thinking of my father.
I never should've let Tom eat so much candy.
I never should've let you go home alone last night.
I never stay anywhere long enough to make friends.
I never thought he was capable of doing something so cruel.
I never thought I would have to support such a large family.
I never thought I'd be doing this alone.
I never thought I'd be happy to see you.
I never thought I'd ever see you again.
I never thought I'd find a woman like you.
I never thought I'd have so much fun.
I never thought I'd live to see the day when I'd have to sell my home.
I never thought I'd see your face again.
I never thought I'd want to buy an iPad.
I never thought it could happen to me.
I never thought it would be so exciting.
I never thought it would be this bad.
I never thought it would end like this.
I never thought it would happen to me.
I never thought it would wind up like this.
I never thought it'd be this easy to hack into your website.
I never thought it'd be this hard to build a picnic table.
I never thought it'd be this hard to choose a color to paint the kitchen.
I never thought it'd be this hard to create an iPad app.
I never thought Tom would do something like that.
I never thought Tom would follow me here.
I never thought we'd end up like this.
I never told anybody about it, I swear.
I never use my camera anymore. I just take pictures with my phone.
I never want to feel like this again.
I never want to go through that again.
I never want to see that guy again.
I never want to see you get in trouble.
I never want to see you get sick.
I never want to see you here again.
I never want to talk to you again.
I never wanted any of this to happen.
I never wash the dishes unless I'm told to.
I never wrote to her, despite the urge to do so.
I no longer have any reason to do this.
I no longer have the energy to talk.
I no longer want to go to school.
I no longer want to live in Boston.
I no longer wish to be a part of this project.
I no longer wish to be your husband.
I normally don't make these kinds of mistakes.
I not only borrowed money from Tom, but also from his wife.
I notice the sale prices are written in red ink.
I noticed him sitting with his back against the wall.
I noticed that I had grown up when I started following my parents' advice.
I noticed that she sat in the front row.
I noticed that she was wearing new glasses.
I noticed you weren't at home last night.
I now know more about Tom than I really want to know.
I now know what I told you was wrong.
I now live in a very small house.
I now view life differently than I used to.
I object to being treated like a child.
I objected when the waiter tried to remove my plate.
I offered to help her with her homework.
I offered to lend some money to Tom.
I often buy bread from the bakery next to the post office.
I often disobeyed my parents when I was a kid.
I often don't express myself as well as I wish I could.
I often go for a swim in the river.
I often go out for a short walk just after lunch.
I often go swimming at the beach in the summer.
I often hear her refer to her childhood.
I often look up words in that dictionary.
I often make mistakes when speaking in French.
I often meditate on the meaning of life.
I often played baseball when I was young.
I often played football when I was young.
I often played soccer when I was young.
I often played tennis when I was young.
I often read the Bible at night just before I go to sleep.
I often run into her at the supermarket.
I often slept on that bench when I was homeless.
I often spend my free time listening to music.
I often spend my leisure time listening to the radio.
I often swam when I was a kid.
I often take a nap right after lunch.
I often talk to him on the bus.
I often think about the place where I met you.
I often told you to do your duty, but you would not listen to me.
I often use SSH to access my computers remotely.
I often visited the museum when I lived in Kyoto.
I often wash my hair without using shampoo.
I often wrote to her when I was a student.
I once knew a girl that snorted every time she laughed.
I once saw a man walk barefoot over hot coals.
I only asked if I could borrow the book.
I only did it for your own good.
I only did that because I had nothing better to do.
I only do that about three times a year.
I only eat meat about three or four times a month.
I only eat meat about three times a week.
I only eat meat from animals that I have personally killed and butchered.
I only eat vegetables that I grow myself.
I only feed my dog dry dog food.
I only found out a couple days ago.
I only had a cursory look at it.
I only had a piece of toast and a cup of coffee this morning.
I only have American coins in my pocket right now.
I only have four toes on my left foot.
I only have one mouth, but I have two ears.
I only have one thing left to do.
I only hope we can get this done on time.
I only know how to play that one song.
I only know that if I don't take this medicine every day, I'll die.
I only need a moment to get ready.
I only need this one. You can throw the rest away.
I only ordered coffee, since I wasn't hungry.
I only quit because you asked me to.
I only read the top of the page.
I only saw one person on the beach.
I only wear a tie on special occasions.
I only weighed 120 pounds when I was in high school.
I only wish I could return the favor.
I only wish I could see you more often.
I only wish I had a little more time to finish this.
I only wish I were able to help.
I only wish it wasn't so hot today.
I opened an account at a nearby bank.
I opened an account in my daughter's name.
I opened my suitcase and started unpacking it.
I opened the box, but it was empty.
I opened the can, but it was empty.
I opened the door and saw two boys standing side by side.
I opened the drawer to get a pencil.
I opened the window to let in some fresh air.
I ordered that book over a week ago.
I ordered the children to stay quiet, but they kept on making noise.
I ordered way too much. I don't think I can eat it all.
I ought to go there, but I won't.
I ought to have consulted my parents on the matter.
I ought to have enough money saved up to buy a car by Christmas.
I ought to have made a hotel reservation earlier.
I ought to have told her the truth.
I ought to have written the letter yesterday.
I ought to punch you for saying that.
I ought to wear this tie more often. I've gotten a lot of compliments today.
I overslept because my alarm didn't go off.
I overslept so I was late to school.
I owe a lot of people an apology.
I owe him a great deal because he saved my life.
I owe two months' rent for my room.
I owe what I am to my father.
I owe what I am today to education.
I owe what I am today to my father.
I owe what I am today to my parents.
I owe what I am today to my uncle.
I owe what I am today to you.
I owe you one for helping me get out of that jam.
I paid a lot of money for these.
I paid a lot of money for this.
I paid him on the spot for his work.
I painted it with a very small brush.
I panicked and didn't know what to do.
I parked on the left side of the street just in front of the school.
I parked on the street in front of your house.
I passed up an opportunity to see him.
I pawned my guitar in order to pay the rent.
I pawned my guitar so I could pay the rent.
I pawned my guitar to pay the rent.
I pay 30 euros for every visit to the dentist.
I pay fifty pounds a week for board and lodging.
I pay most of my bills on the first of each month.
I pay someone to do that for me.
I persuaded him to give himself up to the police.
I persuaded him to give up the idea.
I persuaded him to go to the party.
I persuaded the policeman not to shoot the monkey.
I picked up a pencil and started to write.
I picked up a pretty shell at the seaside.
I picked up a rock and threw it at the dog.
I picked up the broken glass as carefully as I could.
I pinched myself to make sure that I wasn't dreaming.
I plan to buy a new car as soon as I can afford one.
I plan to finish it in two or three minutes.
I plan to get a job as soon as I can.
I plan to give my son a computer at the end of the month.
I plan to go skiing with my girlfriend.
I plan to go. I don't care if you do or not.
I plan to leave Boston as soon as I can.
I plan to pursue a career in international finance.
I plan to reply to his letter right away.
I plan to send my kids to private school.
I plan to stay at home all day tomorrow.
I plan to stay here for three days.
I plan to stay here until my money gives out.
I plan to stay in Australia for three days.
I plan to study this afternoon after I get home.
I plan to throw all of this away. You may take whatever you like.
I plan to try reading some other books.
I planted a peach tree in my yard.
I planted an apple tree in my garden.
I planted an apple tree in my yard.
I planted various fruit trees on my property three years ago.
I play bass guitar in a guitar ensemble.
I play golf every chance that I get.
I play guitar with a band every Saturday night.
I play the guitar in my spare time.
I play the guitar, but I don't sing.
I play trumpet in a symphonic wind orchestra.
I played an interesting game of chess against the computer last week.
I played golf every day during my vacation.
I played soccer and my sister played tennis.
I played tennis yesterday for the first time.
I played the violin when I was in high school.
I played trumpet in our high school band.
I played video games after I finished my homework.
I played with the baby on my knee.
I pounded on the door, but nobody came.
I prefer going on foot to going by bus.
I prefer going out to staying at home.
I prefer soap as a liquid rather than a bar.
I prefer to do it on my own.
I prefer to drink my coffee without sugar and without milk.
I prefer to err on the side of caution.
I prefer to go barefoot in the house.
I prefer to ride in the front of the bus.
I prefer to sit in the back of the classroom.
I pressed the button to turn the radio on.
I presume that he has paid the money back.
I presume you are aware of the difficulties.
I pretended not to understand what he was saying.
I promise I'll make it up to you.
I promise I'll mop the floor tomorrow morning.
I promise I'll take good care of your dog.
I promise that I won't be late again.
I promise that I won't be late tomorrow.
I promise that I won't do that again.
I promise that I won't do that anymore.
I promise that I won't do this again.
I promise that I won't tell anybody who you are.
I promise that I'll bring it right back.
I promise that I'll find you a job.
I promise that I'll make it up to you.
I promise that I'll take good care of your dog.
I promise that this will never happen again.
I promise to return this videotape within a week.
I promise you I won't do anything to harm you.
I promise you I won't do it again.
I promise you I won't do that again.
I promise you I won't ever leave you.
I promise you I won't stay out too late.
I promise you I'll be back by seven.
I promise you I'll stay with you until your father arrives.
I promise you that I won't do it again.
I promise you that I won't do that again.
I promise you that I won't ever leave you.
I promise you that I'll explain everything later.
I promise you that I'll keep you safe.
I promise you that I'll look after you.
I promise you that I'll never leave you.
I promise you that I'll stay with you until your father arrives.
I promise you we'll see each other again soon.
I promised him that I would come today.
I promised I wasn't going to do this.
I promised my parents I would visit them at least once every three months.
I promised myself I wouldn't do this again.
I promised to help my brother with his homework.
I pulled an all-nighter preparing for the exam.
I pulled back the curtain and looked outside.
I pulled the key out of the ignition.
I put a new handle on the door.
I put an advertisement in the newspaper saying my house was for sale.
I put my bike in a safe place.
I put my fingers in my ears to block out the terrible sounds.
I put my gloves on inside out by mistake.
I put on a little weight last year.
I put on a lot of sunscreen, but I still got a bad sunburn.
I put on my favorite dress for the party.
I put on my mask every time I leave the house.
I put some cookies on the table and the kids ate them right up.
I put the documents that you requested on your desk.
I put the documents you requested on your desk.
I put the key in exactly the same place where I found it.
I put the meat we just bought in the freezer.
I put the newspaper on the coffee table.
I put the used syringes in a can for safe disposal.
I put three teaspoons of sugar in your tea.
I quit my job and moved so I could start off with a clean slate.
I quit my job the day before yesterday.
I quit smoking when I was diagnosed with cancer.
I quoted some famous phrases in my book.
I raised my hand to ask a question.
I ran across a rare book in a secondhand bookstore.
I ran across an old friend near the bank.
I ran across his telephone number in an old address book of mine.
I ran all the way to the station.
I ran as fast as I could to catch the train.
I ran as fast as I could to catch up with her.
I ran as fast as I could to catch up with them.
I ran as fast as I could, but I missed the bus.
I ran as fast as I could, but I missed the train.
I ran as fast as I was able to.
I ran as fast as possible to catch up with him.
I ran as fast as possible, but I was not in time for the last train.
I ran as fast as possible, but I wasn't in time for the last train.
I ran away from home when I was thirteen years old.
I ran away from home when I was thirteen.
I ran in order to be on time.
I ran into a friend of mine on the bus.
I ran into a friend on the bus.
I ran into a man who knew us.
I ran into an old friend at Tokyo Station.
I ran into an old friend of mine at the party the other day.
I ran into an old friend of mine outside the station.
I ran into an old friend of mine this morning.
I ran into your mother in the library.
I ran outside and the door locked itself behind me.
I ran so I would be on time.
I ran the risk of losing my job to help her.
I ran to school, but the bell had already rung.
I ran to the station so I wouldn't miss my train.
I ran upstairs two steps at a time.
I read a couple of more chapters before I went to sleep.
I read a lot of books in French.
I read a lot of books last summer.
I read a lot when I was in prison.
I read at least one book every month.
I read in the newspaper recently that the crops really need rain.
I read in the newspaper that he had been murdered.
I read more today than I did yesterday.
I read one or two books every week.
I read somewhere that short people need more sleep than tall people.
I read the article about you in yesterday's newspaper.
I read the article you told me about.
I read the book from beginning to end.
I read the book from cover to cover.
I read the book up to page 80 yesterday.
I read the flyer that was handed to me.
I read the newspaper every day when I was in college.
I read the whole book in a day.
I read the whole book in one day.
I read the whole book in one evening.
I read this book a couple of years ago.
I read this book when I was in college.
I read this book when I was in high school.
I read your report and found it very interesting.
I realize that Tom has actually done that.
I realize that you don't really want to be here.
I realize that you guys wouldn't be here if you didn't have to be.
I realize the effort you have put into this project and I really appreciate it.
I realize you don't really want to be here.
I realized it was a mistake as soon as I did it.
I realized that even though I wanted to eat, I didn't have enough time.
I realized that I didn't want to spend any more time dealing with that problem.
I really appreciate the fact that you like me just the way I am.
I really appreciate your offer to help me clean out my garage.
I really can't deal with that right now.
I really couldn't have done this without you.
I really didn't mean for this to happen.
I really didn't want to bother you again.
I really didn't want to go to work today.
I really do appreciate all your hard work.
I really do have to get back to work.
I really do hope that you'll do that without complaining.
I really do hope we can still be friends.
I really do hope you can come to my party.
I really do miss my parents a lot.
I really do want to devote some more time to studying French.
I really don't feel like talking right now.
I really don't have a lot of money.
I really don't have anything else to say.
I really don't have much choice, do I?
I really don't know how I can thank you.
I really don't know what you're talking about.
I really don't think I can do that.
I really don't think that I can do that.
I really don't think that Tom did that, but maybe he did.
I really don't think that's a good idea.
I really don't understand what you're talking about.
I really don't understand why Tom did that.
I really don't understand why you think that's a good idea.
I really don't want anything to eat right now.
I really don't want to be alone tonight.
I really don't want to eat right now.
I really don't want to go back to jail.
I really don't want to go out on a date with Mary.
I really don't want to go to Boston with Tom.
I really don't want to sit in that room.
I really don't want to sit in the back of the bus.
I really don't want to talk about it.
I really don't want to talk about this.
I really feel like eating Chinese food tonight.
I really feel like going for a walk today.
I really feel like we're on the same wavelength.
I really have to do this work today.
I really have to get this done today.
I really have to think about this a bit more.
I really hope things work out for you.
I really like him, but not his circle of friends.
I really like the concept of this website.
I really like this skirt. Can I try it on?
I really liked the gift you gave me.
I really liked what you cooked for me.
I really love her older sister a lot.
I really love her younger sister a lot.
I really need to be alone right now.
I really need to catch the first train tomorrow morning.
I really need to go home and catch some zees.
I really need to go outside and get some fresh air.
I really need to go to the bathroom.
I really need to talk to you privately.
I really think that we shouldn't do that.
I really think you should stop doing that.
I really thought you were behind all this.
I really want to be a good teacher.
I really want to eat Chinese food tonight.
I really want to get this work done.
I really want Tom to stop doing that.
I really want you to be my friend.
I really wanted to believe it was true.
I really wish I could be there with you.
I really wish I could go with you, but I can't.
I really wish I didn't have to go to that meeting this afternoon.
I really wish I didn't have to tell you this.
I really wish I knew how to do that.
I really wish I knew who painted this picture.
I really wish I knew why Tom didn't like me.
I really would rather be alone right now.
I recall less and less of my childhood.
I receive information from a variety of sources.
I received a $300 gift card from Tom for Christmas.
I received a Christmas card from my brother in Italy.
I received a letter in French last week.
I received a letter written in English yesterday.
I received a strange phone call this morning.
I received a telegram saying that my uncle had arrived.
I received an email from Tom this morning.
I received an invitation from him, but didn't accept it.
I received this electric knife as a gift.
I received your letter the day before yesterday.
I reckon it's time for us to leave.
I recognize that what he says is the truth.
I recognized her as soon as I saw her.
I recognized her the moment I saw her.
I recommend a thorough checkup for your husband.
I recommend you consult a doctor about this as soon as you can.
I refuse to be taken in by her guile.
I refuse to be treated like a slave by you.
I refuse to believe that we can't do anything about the situation.
I refused to eat until my parents came home.
I regret missing the chance to meet her.
I regret not having been honest with you.
I regret not having studied hard for the test.
I regret not paying attention to my health.
I regret that I couldn't go with Tom.
I regret that I did not work harder.
I regret to inform you that your application has been refused.
I regret to say he's gone for good.
I regretted having wasted a great deal of time.
I remember asking an old man the way.
I remember being on a ship when I was only five years old.
I remember going the circus when I was a kid.
I remember having a long discussion about that matter with Tom.
I remember hearing a very similar story to that.
I remember his face but I can't remember his name.
I remember it as if it were yesterday, but in reality it was fifteen years ago.
I remember it as if it were yesterday.
I remember my mother teaching me the alphabet.
I remember returning the book to the library.
I remember seeing her once on the street.
I remember the day you were born very well.
I remember the event as clearly as if it had happened just yesterday.
I remember the event as vividly as if it were just yesterday.
I remember the first time I met you.
I remember the first time that I met you.
I remember the horror I felt when she screamed.
I remember the year when he got a job.
I remember what Tom used to be like.
I remember what you said the other day.
I remember when I was about your age.
I remember when we used to never eat vegetables that we didn't grow ourselves.
I remember you. We met three years ago.
I remember your face, but I don't remember your name.
I remembered I was late and stepped on the gas.
I remembered that I left my keys inside after I closed the door.
I remembered that I was late and stepped on the gas.
I remembered your birthday this year, didn't I?
I remind you that you are still under oath.
I reminded him of his interview with the president.
I reminded him to write to his mother soon.
I rented an apartment when I lived in Boston.
I repaid him the money I owed him.
I replied that I didn't have parents any more.
I reserved my hotel room three weeks in advance.
I respect those who always do their best.
I respect you for what you have done.
I rested in the shade of a tree.
I returned the books I borrowed from the library, and I borrowed some new ones.
I returned the knife which I had borrowed.
I returned to my hometown after five years' absence.
I ride a bicycle to school every day.
I rode a horse for the first time yesterday.
I rode the elevator to the third level.
I rushed out to see what was going on.
I rushed to turn on the TV so I wouldn't miss that game.
I said "good night" to my parents and went to bed.
I said exactly what they wanted to hear.
I said I don't want to talk about it.
I said it wasn't a very good idea.
I said nothing, which made him more furious.
I said some things I wish I didn't.
I said something that I shouldn't have said.
I said that I could, not that I would.
I said that I don't want to talk about it.
I said that I would be twenty next birthday.
I said there was nothing we could do.
I sat at the front in order to hear the lecture clearly.
I sat behind a very tall man in the theater.
I sat behind a very tall person at the theater.
I sat in the front of the bus.
I sat watching an exciting game on television.
I saved the file on a flash drive.
I saw a bird fly across the sky.
I saw a black cat run into the house.
I saw a bum at the train station.
I saw a cat running after the dog.
I saw a dirty dog coming into the garden.
I saw a dog swim across the river.
I saw a drunk lying in the street.
I saw a figure approaching in the distance.
I saw a fishing boat about a mile off the shore.
I saw a house with a red roof.
I saw a huge octopus while scuba diving yesterday.
I saw a koala for the first time.
I saw a lady go through the gate without showing her ticket.
I saw a light at the end of the tunnel.
I saw a lot of people in the park.
I saw a man get hit by a car.
I saw a man standing naked under the waterfall.
I saw a man yesterday eating from a garbage can.
I saw a movie for the first time in two years.
I saw a school of fish swimming by.
I saw a spider walking on the ceiling.
I saw a strange light in the woods.
I saw a stranger standing at the door.
I saw a very good movie last weekend.
I saw a white bird on my way home.
I saw a white dog jump over the fence.
I saw a young couple cuddling on a park bench.
I saw an exciting baseball game last Saturday.
I saw an old woman cross the street.
I saw an opportunity and I took it.
I saw her taking a walk in the park at midnight.
I saw him coming out of the hotel.
I saw him go into the toilet a few minutes ago.
I saw him walking alone in the park.
I saw him walking around town wearing his Sunday best.
I saw his car make a right turn.
I saw his car make a turn to the right.
I saw many people barbecuing in the park.
I saw my sister tear up the letter.
I saw some cars in the parking lot.
I saw some children playing in the park.
I saw some empty bottles lying on the ground.
I saw some of the guests leave the banquet room.
I saw some people swimming in the river.
I saw some small animals running away in all directions.
I saw some tadpoles swimming in the pond.
I saw someone lurking around outside your house last night.
I saw something very bright fly across the night sky.
I saw that the door was open, so I went in.
I saw the children walk across the street.
I saw the girl swimming in the river.
I saw the light at the end of the tunnel.
I saw the man knocked down by a car.
I saw the old man feed his dog chicken bones.
I saw the person I expected standing there.
I saw the picture you took of that fish.
I saw the teacher walk across the street.
I saw the two together on several occasions.
I saw the way Tom was looking at you.
I saw this movie a very long time ago.
I saw Tom a few minutes ago and he looked tired.
I saw Tom and Mary talking to each other this morning.
I saw Tom less than an hour ago.
I saw Tom looking at himself in the mirror.
I saw Tom sitting in the third row.
I saw Tom yesterday and he looked sad.
I saw you driving by my house this morning.
I saw you out here by yourself and thought you might like someone to talk to.
I saw your cousin Tom just a few days ago.
I screamed at the top of my lungs.
I screwed up my courage and went there.
I scribbled down his address in the back of my diary.
I searched for the meaning of this word in the dictionary.
I searched in my pocket for a coin to make a phone call.
I seasoned the fish with salt and pepper.
I see him in the library now and then.
I see no reason to continue this discussion.
I see no reason to tell you anything.
I see no reason why I shouldn't accept her offer.
I see that you've got yourself a new boyfriend.
I see the same people here all the time.
I see why you don't want to go there.
I see you had to work late again last night.
I seem to have caught a bad cold.
I send myself flowers every now and then.
I send Tom a Christmas card every year.
I sent it to you two days ago.
I sent Tom a message written in French.
I set a snare, hoping to catch a rabbit.
I share a house with two of my friends.
I should be at home with my family.
I should call the police and have you arrested.
I should get back to writing my report.
I should go home and get some sleep.
I should go home before my parents start to worry.
I should have known better than to call him.
I should have talked to you first about it.
I should have tried out this electric shaver before buying it.
I should probably get back to work now.
I should probably tell Tom I want to do that.
I should study tonight, but I'm tired so I'm going to bed.
I should turn in. I need my beauty sleep you know.
I shouldn't eat food that has sugar in it.
I shouldn't have accused him of stealing the money.
I shouldn't have done that without your permission.
I shouldn't have done that. It was wrong.
I shouldn't have drunk so much beer last night.
I shouldn't have drunk that last bottle of beer.
I shouldn't have eaten that. I feel sick.
I shouldn't have eaten the whole bag of potato chips.
I shouldn't have invited Tom to my party.
I shouldn't have put my laptop so close to the edge of the table.
I shouldn't have to do all this work by myself.
I shouldn't have to do all this work myself.
I shouldn't have to ever come back here.
I shouldn't have to go to the dentist again for a while.
I shouldn't have to put up with this noise.
I shouldn't have to tell you to do your homework.
I shouldn't have to tell you to keep your room clean.
I shouldn't have tried doing that by myself.
I shouldn't have used the word "password" as my password.
I shouldn't have walked home late at night by myself.
I shouldn't have wasted my time reading that.
I should've advised Tom to not talk to Mary anymore.
I should've been able to do that by myself.
I should've done it when I had the chance.
I should've done this a long time ago.
I should've gone to bed earlier last night.
I should've known it was a waste of time.
I should've known it was going to be a waste of time.
I should've listened to what my mother said.
I should've married your sister instead of you.
I should've never walked so much in a new pair of shoes.
I should've studied French more seriously when I was in high school.
I should've told Mary that I loved her.
I showed the postcard I got from Mary to Tom.
I showed Tom the postcard I got from Mary.
I shudder at the thought of what might happen.
I shuffled the cards and then dealt them.
I shut the door so that they couldn't hear us.
I simply wanted to see what was going on.
I sincerely hope that you will soon recover from your illness.
I sincerely regret having caused you such an inconvenience.
I skipped out on my appointment with my boss.
I skipped the first few pages of the book.
I sleep during the day and work at night.
I sleep six hours a day on average.
I sleep with two quilts in the winter.
I slept a little during lunch break because I was so tired.
I slept all day yesterday, because it was Sunday.
I slept late and I missed the first train.
I slept on the plane for a couple of hours.
I slipped and fell on the icy sidewalk.
I slipped on the ice and hurt my head.
I solved the problem a few days ago.
I sometimes feel drowsy in the early afternoon.
I sometimes have a pain in my stomach.
I sometimes hear my father singing in the bath.
I sometimes hear my father singing in the bathroom.
I sometimes hear my father singing in the shower.
I sometimes suffer from pain in my lower back.
I sometimes take a shower in the morning.
I sometimes take a walk in the park.
I soon got accustomed to speaking in public.
I speak French almost as well as I speak English.
I speak French as well as she does.
I speak French as well as Tom does.
I speak French as well as you do.
I speak French better than I speak English.
I speak French to my father and English to my mother.
I spend a few hours a day maintaining my website.
I spend a lot of time listening to music.
I spend a lot of time on the phone.
I spend a lot of time practicing the guitar.
I spend a lot of time watching TV.
I spend about three hours a week practicing the cello.
I spend all day in front of the computer.
I spend all my day in front of my computer.
I spend at least three hours a day doing that.
I spend at least three hours a week studying French.
I spend less money on clothes than my sister does.
I spend money as soon as I get it.
I spend most of my time at home.
I spend my free time with my kids.
I spend too much time in front of my computer.
I spent 3,000 yen on a new CD.
I spent a great deal of time dealing with that problem last week.
I spent a lot of my time studying French.
I spent a week in Berlin living with a German family.
I spent all my energy on that project.
I spent all my money on stupid stuff.
I spent all night working on this report.
I spent all yesterday afternoon cleaning my room.
I spent fifty dollars to get my dog spayed.
I spent hours looking for the key that I had dropped.
I spent more money than I had planned to.
I spent most of the day in bed.
I spent my money on clothes, food and books.
I spent my vacation in a foreign country.
I spent the entire morning filling out these forms.
I spent the morning in bed, reading a book.
I spent the morning trying to figure out what to do.
I spent the summer vacation at my aunt's house.
I spent the weekend reading a long novel.
I spent the whole afternoon chatting with friends.
I spent the whole day at the beach.
I spent the whole day cleaning my house.
I spent the whole day cleaning my room.
I spent the whole day in reading the novel.
I spent the whole day in the park.
I spent the whole day on the beach.
I spent the whole day playing with my kids.
I spent the whole day reading a novel.
I spent the whole day reading that novel.
I spent the whole day thinking about Tom.
I spent the whole evening reading the poetry of Kenji Miyazawa.
I spent the whole evening trying to find my keys.
I spent the whole week working on that report.
I spent the whole weekend at home on the computer.
I spent three months in a hospital when I was thirteen.
I spent two hours watching a baseball game on TV last night.
I spent two hours yesterday trying to fix that broken radio.
I spent yesterday reading instead of going out.
I spilled some fruit juice on my new shirt.
I spoke loudly so that everyone could hear me.
I spoke slowly so that they could understand me.
I spoke to him about it on the telephone.
I spoke to him about it over the telephone.
I spoke to him in English, but I couldn't make myself understood.
I spoke to my uncle on the telephone.
I spoke to the boy who seemed to be the oldest.
I spoke to Tom about what Mary did.
I spoke with the organizers of the event.
I squeezed the juice out of the oranges.
I start work at eight in the morning.
I started a new blog. I'll do my best to keep it going.
I started studying French a few weeks ago.
I started studying French when I was thirteen.
I started to learn English with the aim of becoming a teacher.
I started to learn French in junior high school.
I started working for this company last year.
I stayed at a small hotel near the lake.
I stayed at home all day instead of going to work.
I stayed at home because I was sick.
I stayed at home instead of going out.
I stayed home all day instead of going to work.
I stayed home all day long reading novels.
I stayed home because I had a bad cold.
I stayed in bed all day instead of going to work.
I stayed in bed one more day just to be on the safe side.
I stayed in the hospital for a week.
I stayed longer than I thought I would.
I stepped aside so that he could come in.
I still believe the Internet is not a place for children.
I still can't believe I'm going to be on your team.
I still can't believe Mary and I are getting married.
I still can't figure out how it happened.
I still can't remember what Tom told me to do.
I still do that from time to time.
I still don't have enough money to buy that.
I still don't know how to thank you.
I still don't know what I should do.
I still don't know what I want to do.
I still don't know what I'm going to say.
I still don't think that's the best way to settle this.
I still don't think you should be doing that.
I still don't understand how to do that.
I still don't understand what you want from me.
I still don't understand what you're talking about.
I still go to Australia for Christmas every year.
I still have a few Christmas presents to wrap up.
I still have a few things I need to do.
I still have a long way to go.
I still have a lot of pages to read.
I still have a lot of questions I want to ask you.
I still have a lot of things to buy.
I still have a lot of things to do.
I still have a lot of time for fun.
I still have a lot of work to do.
I still have just enough time to get this done, I think.
I still have no idea what's going on.
I still have one or two other things left to pack in my suitcase.
I still have so many questions to ask you.
I still have some questions that I'd like to ask.
I still have some things I need to tell you.
I still have some things to take care of.
I still have the book from last semester.
I still have the key to Tom's house.
I still have the umbrella you lent me.
I still have to finish doing my homework.
I still have to finish painting the fence.
I still haven't decided whether I should go by car or by train.
I still haven't done what you asked me to do.
I still haven't found what I'm looking for.
I still haven't gotten over what happened to me.
I still haven't learned to drive a car.
I still hope to do that one day.
I still listen to the same music that I listened to as a teenager.
I still love the way you smile at me.
I still need to use these things, so please don't take them away.
I still owe my brother the ten dollars that he lent me last week.
I still remember how to play that song.
I still think about her from time to time.
I still think it's unlikely that he'll come today.
I still think that it's unlikely Tom will win.
I still think this is the best choice.
I still think we should've invited Tom to go with us.
I still want to ask a few questions.
I still want to learn how to speak French.
I stood in line for more than thirty minutes.
I stood in that line for thirty minutes.
I stood on a chair so I could reach the top shelf.
I stood under a tree to avoid getting wet.
I stop here to eat once or twice a week.
I stopped and waited for the car to pass.
I stopped at the store and got some milk on my way back.
I stopped at the supermarket on my way home.
I stopped by your place the other day.
I stopped off at Osaka on my way to Tokyo.
I stopped sending Christmas cards a few years ago.
I stopped sending Christmas cards three years ago.
I stopped so I could smoke a cigarette.
I strolled along the streets to kill time.
I strongly advise you to take this medicine right away.
I strongly urge you to follow my advice.
I stuck two sheets of paper together with paste.
I stuck with it until I was finished.
I studied English for four years with a native speaker.
I studied English for two hours after dinner.
I studied for a while in the afternoon.
I studied French for three hours last night.
I studied French in school, but I'm not very good at it.
I studied French when I was in high school.
I studied hard so that I could pass the examination.
I studied hard when I was in school.
I studied in Boston from 2003 to 2007.
I studied really hard in order to pass the exam.
I study English half an hour every day.
I study French at least an hour every day.
I study French for three hours every day.
I study French with Tom three times a week.
I stumbled across this problem when I was working on something else.
I succeeded in reaching the top of the mountain.
I suddenly realized that my watch was gone.
I suddenly saw myself reflected in a window pane and it startled me.
I suggest keeping your opinions to yourself from now on.
I suggest that we go out on Friday.
I suggest that we hold off on making a decision until all bids are in.
I suggest that you don't say anything about this to Tom.
I suggest that you go and see a doctor about this as soon as you can.
I suggest that you not wait any longer.
I suggest that you put on some clean clothes.
I suggest that you try to get some sleep.
I suggest that your son come to our party.
I suggest we drink as little as possible to be polite.
I suggest we eat just a little now, and then go out later.
I suggest we go out for a drink.
I suggest we put on some clean clothes.
I suggest we take it a little slower this time.
I suggest you do your job and let me do mine.
I suggest you take this a little more seriously.
I suggested that the meeting be put off.
I suggested that we bring the meeting to an end.
I suggested that we should start at once.
I summoned up my courage, and walked inside.
I suppose everyone thinks I'm being a little too picky.
I suppose I could change a tire if I had to.
I suppose I could wait a little longer.
I suppose I'd better be more careful the next time.
I suppose I'd do the same thing if I were you.
I suppose I'll have to be more careful in the future.
I suppose it makes sense to go ahead and pay the bill right now.
I suppose I've got to get my feet wet sometime.
I suppose that's why you don't like me so much.
I suppose Tom told you what time he plans to arrive.
I suppose you already know that that's my car.
I suppose you already know that's my car.
I suppose you don't know who Tom is.
I suppose you enjoy that sort of thing.
I suppose you have some ideas on how to handle this matter.
I suppose you have the right to know.
I suppose you want me to pay for this.
I suppose you want to ask me what I was doing yesterday.
I suppose you want to ask me where I've been.
I suppose you want to ask me who I was with last night.
I suppose you want to ask me why I didn't go to your party last night.
I suppose you want to use my office.
I suppose you won't mind if I take one.
I suppose you'll be studying all day tomorrow.
I suppose you'll need a crowbar to open that crate.
I suppose you're already packed and ready to go.
I suppose you've already applied for a visa.
I sure hope there's nothing wrong with it.
I sure wish I could speak French better.
I suspect both Tom and Mary have houses in Boston.
I suspect that they water down the beer in that pub.
I suspect that Tom didn't want to do that.
I suspect that Tom doesn't want to do that again.
I suspect that Tom knows why Mary doesn't like him.
I suspect they water down the beer in that pub.
I suspect Tom knows why Mary doesn't like him.
I suspected that something like this might happen.
I swear I never showed anyone that document.
I swear if you ever do that again, I'll kill you.
I swear I'll make it up to you.
I swear I'll never do such a thing.
I swear I'm not doing it on purpose.
I swear that I won't do that again.
I swear that if you ever do that again, I'll kill you.
I swear that I'll make it up to you.
I swear that I'll never do such a thing.
I swear that I'll tell you everything someday.
I swear to you I'll never do it again.
I swear what I told you is true.
I swim almost every day in the summer.
I swim three or four times a week.
I take a bath every morning in the summer.
I take a walk every day except when it rains.
I take a walk with my dog in the evening.
I take it for granted that people are honest.
I take it that we are to come early.
I take it you know Tom pretty well.
I take my camera with me wherever I go.
I take my dog for a walk every morning.
I take my hat off to her for her effort.
I take my hat off to him for his hard work.
I take my two dogs for a walk three times a day.
I take the train to work every day.
I talk to Tom on the phone every day.
I talked my wife out of buying a new carpet.
I talked myself into thinking that it was a good idea.
I talked to him on the telephone yesterday night.
I talked to my friend in the FBI.
I talked to the girl you told me about.
I talked to Tom this morning just before the meeting.
I talked with him about it over the telephone.
I talked with my parents about my studying abroad.
I teach classes here five days a week.
I teach French at a nearby junior high school.
I telephoned to make sure that he was coming.
I telephoned to say that I wanted to see him.
I tend to look at the pictures before reading the text.
I tend to ramble, so stop me if I go off on a tangent.
I thank you from the bottom of my heart.
I thanked him from the bottom of my heart.
I think a lot of people will be there today.
I think a lot of people would agree with me.
I think a movie is more entertaining than any book.
I think a part-time job is a good experience.
I think all three of us will be there tomorrow.
I think badminton is more difficult than tennis.
I think Beethoven is the greatest composer who ever lived.
I think doing that would be a mistake.
I think doing that would be too risky.
I think everyone looks back on their childhood with some regret.
I think forgiving people is good for the soul.
I think he can get along with his neighbors.
I think he has enough intelligence to understand it.
I think he is holding something back from us.
I think he is something of a poet.
I think he is the greatest artist of the time.
I think he regrets having divorced his wife.
I think he will come to our party.
I think he will object to our plan.
I think he's coming, but I'm not quite sure.
I think he's making a big mistake by turning down the job.
I think I ate a little too much today.
I think I can come over this afternoon.
I think I can do it in my spare time.
I think I can reach the branch if you'll give me a boost.
I think I can solve this problem by myself.
I think I could come to Australia for Christmas.
I think I could come to Boston for Christmas.
I think I could get used to living here.
I think I could get used to this.
I think I forgot to lock the door.
I think I found what you're looking for.
I think I have some leftover pizza in the fridge.
I think I have to go back on a diet after Christmas.
I think I know what's going on here.
I think I know who painted that picture.
I think I know why Tom isn't here.
I think I left my keys on the kitchen table.
I think I left my wallet at home.
I think I left something in the classroom.
I think I like eating white rice better than brown rice.
I think I look fat in these jeans.
I think I may know where to find Tom.
I think I might have a drinking problem.
I think I might join you, but I haven't decided yet.
I think I must be leaving since it is getting late.
I think I need a little more time.
I think I saw a ghost in the woods.
I think I should do it for you.
I think I should probably go home and get some sleep.
I think I still have time for another cup of coffee.
I think I understand the pressures you are under.
I think I understand what Tom's trying to say.
I think I understand what you're trying to say.
I think I will take a vacation this week.
I think I won't go to work today.
I think I would have heard gunshots if there had been any.
I think I would like to talk with Tom about this before making a decision.
I think I'd like to be a better student.
I think I'd like to be a teacher.
I think I'd like to be your friend.
I think I'll be able to deal with that.
I think I'll be able to do it.
I think I'll be able to stand that.
I think I'll go buy something to eat.
I think I'll go to bed early tonight.
I think I'll go to Boston next weekend.
I think I'll lie down for a while.
I think I'll start with a bottle of beer.
I think I'll stay here for a few more minutes.
I think I'll stay in Boston for a few more days.
I think I'm coming down with a cold.
I think I'm coming down with the flu.
I think I'm falling in love with you.
I think I'm going to buy one of those.
I think I'm in trouble with my wife.
I think I'm really in love for the first time.
I think I'm right, but I could be wrong.
I think it is about time we changed our ways of disposing of waste.
I think it might rain today, but I could be wrong.
I think it must've been Tom who broke the window.
I think it must've happened just the way Tom said it did.
I think it natural for her to decline his offer.
I think it was a mistake that you didn't take my advice.
I think it would be a good idea to go home early.
I think it would be better if you left.
I think it would be difficult to do that.
I think it would be hard to do that.
I think it wouldn't be too hard to come up with a better system.
I think it'd be better if Tom didn't tell Mary about this.
I think it'd be better if you didn't do that.
I think it'd be better if you didn't sing.
I think it'd be good if you read this book.
I think it'd be great if you could come.
I think it'll be possible to get this ink stain out.
I think it's a bad idea to loan Tom money.
I think it's a little more sophisticated than that.
I think it's a little too cold to go on a picnic.
I think it's about time we got down to brass tacks.
I think it's about time we got started.
I think it's best if I go home now.
I think it's best if I leave early.
I think it's better for us to adopt his plan.
I think it's better if I leave early.
I think it's better not to try it.
I think it's cruel to keep a cat indoors.
I think it's cruel to keep a cat inside.
I think it's dangerous for children to swim in this lake.
I think it's dangerous to climb a mountain on a day when it's stormy.
I think it's dangerous to swim in this lake.
I think it's going to be a busy week.
I think it's going to be a good year.
I think it's going to be a nice day.
I think it's going to get steadily hotter from now.
I think it's good for you to read this book.
I think it's highly unlikely that I'll ever see my stolen motorcycle again.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom will swim.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom will take Mary to the party.
I think it's highly unlikely that we'll be able to escape from this prison.
I think it's highly unlikely that we'll ever get any help from the national government.
I think it's highly unlikely that you'll be able to do that by yourself.
I think it's important to keep a promise.
I think it's important to tell him the facts.
I think it's important to tell the truth.
I think it's impossible for him to solve the problem.
I think it's impossible for us to beat him.
I think it's little too late to do that now.
I think it's necessary for him to go there.
I think it's necessary for you to see him.
I think it's not a good idea to let children drink wine.
I think it's not going to be that hard.
I think it's sad to have no friends.
I think it's sad to not have any friends.
I think it's safe to assume Tom won't be here tomorrow.
I think it's strange that he didn't speak to you.
I think it's strange that no one is on the street this time of the day.
I think it's the right thing to do.
I think it's time for me to abandon that idea.
I think it's time for me to abandon that plan.
I think it's time for me to accept responsibility for that problem.
I think it's time for me to admit that I never cared about you.
I think it's time for me to apologize to her.
I think it's time for me to ask for directions.
I think it's time for me to ask for her help.
I think it's time for me to ask for his advice.
I think it's time for me to buy a decent camera.
I think it's time for me to buy a decent car.
I think it's time for me to buy a house.
I think it's time for me to buy a new camera.
I think it's time for me to buy a new car.
I think it's time for me to buy my daughter a decent computer.
I think it's time for me to buy my son a car.
I think it's time for me to call a doctor.
I think it's time for me to call it a day.
I think it's time for me to call it quits.
I think it's time for me to change jobs.
I think it's time for me to change my plans.
I think it's time for me to clean the chimney.
I think it's time for me to clean the garage.
I think it's time for me to close the window.
I think it's time for me to come clean.
I think it's time for me to confront that problem.
I think it's time for me to consider going on a diet.
I think it's time for me to consult a doctor.
I think it's time for me to consult a lawyer.
I think it's time for me to contact her.
I think it's time for me to contact him by phone.
I think it's time for me to discuss the matter with him.
I think it's time for me to discuss the problem with her.
I think it's time for me to do my homework.
I think it's time for me to get a bit of exercise.
I think it's time for me to get a dog.
I think it's time for me to get a job.
I think it's time for me to get a new email address.
I think it's time for me to get a new job.
I think it's time for me to get a new pair of glasses.
I think it's time for me to get my eyes checked.
I think it's time for me to get my own place.
I think it's time for me to give her a ride home.
I think it's time for me to give up on this relationship.
I think it's time for me to go back to work.
I think it's time for me to go to bed.
I think it's time for me to go.
I think it's time for me to join the fight.
I think it's time for me to leave for school.
I think it's time for me to leave now.
I think it's time for me to leave.
I think it's time for me to lose some weight.
I think it's time for me to make some new friends.
I think it's time for me to move into a smaller home.
I think it's time for me to move on.
I think it's time for me to move to the suburbs.
I think it's time for me to mow the lawn.
I think it's time for me to organize a party.
I think it's time for me to put new bait on the hook.
I think it's time for me to reconsider how I've been living.
I think it's time for me to refill this prescription.
I think it's time for me to retire.
I think it's time for me to say goodbye.
I think it's time for me to say what I really think.
I think it's time for me to sharpen my pencil.
I think it's time for me to shove off.
I think it's time for me to show you how to do that properly.
I think it's time for me to speak up.
I think it's time for me to spend a little time with my children.
I think it's time for me to split some more firewood.
I think it's time for me to split.
I think it's time for me to start cooking dinner.
I think it's time for me to start taking my responsibilities seriously.
I think it's time for me to step aside.
I think it's time for me to stop allowing her to always have her own way.
I think it's time for me to study.
I think it's time for me to take a break.
I think it's time for me to talk to the boss about this problem.
I think it's time for me to throw a little party.
I think it's time for me to turn off the TV.
I think it's time for me to turn on the radio.
I think it's time for me to walk away from this mess.
I think it's time for me to wash my car.
I think it's time for me to write my mother another letter.
I think it's time for us to come to an agreement.
I think it's time for us to leave.
I think it's time for you to grow up.
I think it's time for you to leave.
I think it's time to do my homework.
I think it's time to take a break.
I think it's time to try a new approach.
I think it's time to wind up this meeting.
I think it's time we made some changes.
I think it's too early to go home.
I think it's too late to do that now.
I think it's unhealthy to eat more than 20 oranges a day.
I think it's unlikely that a situation like this one would ever occur again.
I think it's unlikely that any store would sell this model for that price.
I think it's unlikely that I'll be able to pass my driving test.
I think it's unlikely that plants feel pain.
I think it's unlikely that the next model will be any better than this one.
I think it's very likely that they'll arrive next week.
I think it's you who should apologize to her.
I think I've already given you enough money.
I think I've fallen in love with you.
I think I've figured out how to fix this.
I think I've figured out where we need to install the fire alarm.
I think I've figured out which horse is most likely to win the race.
I think I've figured out why Tom has never learned to speak French so well.
I think I've found what I'm looking for.
I think I've got a touch of fever.
I think I've had a little too much to drink.
I think I've persuaded Tom to donate some money.
I think I've persuaded Tom to help us.
I think I've seen that guy somewhere before.
I think life is what you make it.
I think maybe Tom has something else to do.
I think my daughter's coming down with something.
I think my dog has the soul of a cat.
I think my girlfriend is kind of cute.
I think my parents are hiding something from me.
I think my plan is better than yours.
I think one of my tires is flat.
I think one of us ought to attend that meeting.
I think our team will reach the semifinals.
I think she is sick. She has a temperature.
I think she is withholding information from the police.
I think she will succeed as a lawyer.
I think skateboards are usually cheaper than rollerblades.
I think someone stole all these things and planted them to make me look guilty.
I think something may have happened to Tom.
I think something terrible has happened to Tom.
I think that a lot of people will be there today.
I think that actress is one of the most beautiful women on earth.
I think that doing that would be a mistake.
I think that doing would be a mistake.
I think that French is a complicated language.
I think that girl cut her hair to give herself a new look.
I think that he's probably not a bad boy.
I think that I already know what you're going to say to me.
I think that I could come to Australia for Christmas.
I think that I could've done that without any help.
I think that I should organize a little party.
I think that I understand what Tom's trying to say.
I think that I was followed by someone.
I think that I'm going to do that.
I think that I'm the only one here who can do that.
I think that it was Tom who did that.
I think that it would be a good idea for you to study French.
I think that it'd be better if you didn't do that.
I think that it's completely understandable if she turns down his offer.
I think that it's dangerous to go walking alone at night.
I think that it's going to be a good year.
I think that it's going to rain soon.
I think that it's important to tell the truth.
I think that it's time for me to say goodbye.
I think that it's time for me to shove off.
I think that it's time to come clean.
I think that it's too early to go home.
I think that I've fallen in love with you.
I think that I've figured out how to fix this.
I think that I've got things under control.
I think that I've seen that guy before.
I think that Japan is a very safe country.
I think that might be a good idea.
I think that that book is not so interesting.
I think that that'll be all for today.
I think that that's up to you now.
I think that there is a man there.
I think that this is a good start.
I think that this is a turning point.
I think that this is something that Tom didn't want us to find.
I think that this will be the last battle of the war.
I think that Tom and John are identical twins.
I think that Tom and Mary are Canadians.
I think that Tom believes everything Mary says.
I think that Tom bought the house he was looking at last week.
I think that Tom bought the house that he was looking at last week.
I think that Tom could learn a lot from you.
I think that Tom did a really nice job.
I think that Tom did something he shouldn't have.
I think that Tom did that on purpose.
I think that Tom did the best he could.
I think that Tom does a fantastic job.
I think that Tom doesn't know what to do.
I think that Tom doesn't like to ski.
I think that Tom drank out of my glass by mistake.
I think that Tom eats too much meat.
I think that Tom feels the same way.
I think that Tom felt a bit threatened.
I think that Tom had a good reason.
I think that Tom has a long way to go.
I think that Tom has a valid point.
I think that Tom has been punished enough.
I think that Tom has been very lucky.
I think that Tom has lied to us.
I think that Tom has made a mistake.
I think that Tom has seen too much.
I think that Tom is a good coach.
I think that Tom is a good driver.
I think that Tom is a little too optimistic.
I think that Tom is a lot better singer than Mary.
I think that Tom is a nice name.
I think that Tom is a really nice kid.
I think that Tom is acquainted with Mary.
I think that Tom is afraid of the dark.
I think that Tom is afraid of you.
I think that Tom is afraid people might laugh at him.
I think that Tom is an honest man.
I think that Tom is going to be OK.
I think that Tom is going to call you.
I think that Tom is going to come back.
I think that Tom is going to die.
I think that Tom is going to do that tomorrow.
I think that Tom is going to like it here.
I think that Tom is going to win.
I think that Tom is in his office.
I think that Tom is in love with me.
I think that Tom is in love with you.
I think that Tom is in the front yard.
I think that Tom is leaving Australia at the end of the semester.
I think that Tom is likely to cry.
I think that Tom is pretty good at French.
I think that Tom is pulling your leg.
I think that Tom is smarter than that.
I think that Tom is still in Boston.
I think that Tom is still in love with Mary.
I think that Tom knows more than he's admitting.
I think that Tom knows what he's doing.
I think that Tom knows why I'm here.
I think that Tom likes to do that.
I think that Tom made a big mistake.
I think that Tom may be a genius.
I think that Tom may be right this time.
I think that Tom may be telling the truth.
I think that Tom may have a drinking problem.
I think that Tom might be older than me.
I think that Tom needs to be told not to do that.
I think that Tom needs to be told that.
I think that Tom probably doesn't like you very much.
I think that Tom probably knows about it already.
I think that Tom really is a doctor.
I think that Tom said he was from Boston.
I think that Tom said he'd be back.
I think that Tom said he'd be staying in Boston for three weeks.
I think that Tom should give Mary another chance.
I think that Tom should learn to speak French.
I think that Tom should've asked Mary to help him do that.
I think that Tom told us the truth.
I think that Tom told you the truth.
I think that Tom wants something to eat.
I think that Tom wants something to write on.
I think that Tom wants something to write with.
I think that Tom wants to come with us.
I think that Tom wants to kill himself.
I think that Tom wants to see you.
I think that Tom wants to sell us something.
I think that Tom was as surprised as I was.
I think that Tom was born in Boston.
I think that Tom was looking for you.
I think that Tom went to the supermarket yesterday, but I'm not sure.
I think that Tom will be coming later.
I think that Tom will be well prepared.
I think that Tom will do his best.
I think that Tom will go to Boston.
I think that Tom will like this game.
I think that Tom will never become famous.
I think that Tom will tell you the truth.
I think that Tom will try to kill Mary.
I think that Tom will want to sit down.
I think that Tom won't be back soon.
I think that Tom won't come to our party.
I think that Tom works in this office.
I think that Tom would probably disagree with you.
I think that Tom would tell the truth.
I think that Tom would've stayed longer if he could've.
I think that Tom's grandmother is too old to wear a miniskirt.
I think that Tom's idea is a good one.
I think that walruses are cuter than manatees.
I think that we all drank a little too much last night.
I think that we have time for a drink or two.
I think that we have to go now.
I think that we should do that again.
I think that we should go home now.
I think that we should stop doing that.
I think that we'd better take a break.
I think that we're going in the wrong direction.
I think that we're going to be OK.
I think that we're headed in the right direction.
I think that we're on the right track.
I think that we've bought everything we need.
I think that we've done a pretty good job so far.
I think that we've run out of gas.
I think that what you need now is a kiss.
I think that will be all for today.
I think that would be a big mistake.
I think that wouldn't be a good idea.
I think that you and I should probably be able to get along better.
I think that you are making the biggest mistake of your life.
I think that you could get Tom to help you.
I think that you didn't watch the video to the end.
I think that you should add a bit more pepper.
I think that you should break up with your boyfriend.
I think that you should buy yourself a new car.
I think that you should buy yourselves some new clothes.
I think that you should do it yourself.
I think that you should go to Australia for Christmas.
I think that you should watch that movie.
I think that you shouldn't be doing that.
I think that you're about to make the biggest mistake of your life.
I think that you've had enough to drink.
I think that's just what I need right now.
I think that's the right thing to do.
I think that's what we should be doing.
I think that's why Tom wanted to do that.
I think the box has something in it.
I think the mayor's done a good job.
I think the number of common-law marriages is on the rise.
I think the police should enforce the laws that are on the books.
I think the prices in this store are way too high.
I think the team is capable of more.
I think the time is right to introduce this product.
I think there are lots of sites to see here.
I think there has been some misunderstanding here.
I think there is no point in trying to persuade him.
I think there's no point in trying to convince her.
I think there's no point in trying to convince him.
I think there's only a slim chance of that happening.
I think there's somebody in the next room.
I think there's something here you should see.
I think there's something you're not telling me.
I think they should put a heavy tax on imports.
I think they want you to do it.
I think this is a very good idea.
I think this is a very good plan.
I think this is a waste of time.
I think this is beside the point right now.
I think this is the best part of the movie.
I think this is the best way to do it.
I think this is the most impressive building on Park Street.
I think this is the only way to do it.
I think this is the only way to do this.
I think this is the only way to get rid of cockroaches.
I think this is what you're looking for.
I think this machine is in need of repair.
I think this medicine will do you a lot of good.
I think this medicine will do you good.
I think this must be the place where Tom lives.
I think this project is moving on the right track.
I think this sweater will look good on you.
I think this table takes up too much space.
I think this tie will go great with that shirt.
I think this would act as a deterrent.
I think Tom and John are identical twins.
I think Tom and Mary know each other.
I think Tom believes what he's saying is true, but I don't think it is.
I think Tom bought the house he was looking at last week.
I think Tom came here to tell us something important.
I think Tom could be persuaded to help.
I think Tom could learn a lot from you.
I think Tom did a really nice job.
I think Tom did something he shouldn't have.
I think Tom did that on October 20th.
I think Tom did the best he could.
I think Tom didn't understand what you were saying.
I think Tom drank out of my glass by mistake.
I think Tom had a real good year.
I think Tom has a long way to go.
I think Tom is a little too optimistic.
I think Tom is a lot better singer than Mary.
I think Tom is a really nice kid.
I think Tom is going to be busy tomorrow afternoon.
I think Tom is going to be hungry when he gets home.
I think Tom is going to be OK.
I think Tom is going to call you.
I think Tom is going to come back.
I think Tom is going to do that tomorrow.
I think Tom is going to like it here.
I think Tom is in love with me.
I think Tom is in love with you.
I think Tom is in the front yard.
I think Tom is leaving Australia at the end of the semester.
I think Tom is likely to go to Boston in the near future.
I think Tom is pretty good at French.
I think Tom is still in love with Mary.
I think Tom knew exactly what he was doing.
I think Tom knew what Mary was thinking.
I think Tom knows more than he's admitting.
I think Tom may be right this time.
I think Tom may be telling the truth.
I think Tom might be older than me.
I think Tom needs to be told not to do that.
I think Tom needs to be told that.
I think Tom probably doesn't like you very much.
I think Tom probably knows about it already.
I think Tom said he was from Boston.
I think Tom said he'd be staying in Boston for three weeks.
I think Tom should give Mary another chance.
I think Tom should learn to speak French.
I think Tom should've asked Mary to help him do that.
I think Tom wants something to write on.
I think Tom wants something to write with.
I think Tom wants to come with us.
I think Tom wants to sell us something.
I think Tom was always looking for an excuse to do this.
I think Tom was as surprised as I was.
I think Tom went to the supermarket yesterday, but I'm not sure.
I think Tom will be delighted to see Mary.
I think Tom will tell you the truth.
I think Tom will want to sit down.
I think Tom won't come to our party.
I think Tom would probably disagree with you.
I think Tom would've stayed longer if he could've.
I think Tom's idea is a good one.
I think watching people playing chess isn't much fun.
I think watching TV is a waste of time.
I think we all drank a little too much last night.
I think we all should have been more careful.
I think we all should've been more careful.
I think we both know how Tom feels.
I think we both know why I'm here.
I think we can all agree on that, right?
I think we can be there on time.
I think we can come up with better plan than this.
I think we can do a lot better.
I think we can do this without any extra help.
I think we can make it on time.
I think we did a very good job.
I think we get off at the next stop.
I think we got off on the wrong foot.
I think we have a lot in common.
I think we have a lot to talk about.
I think we have some mice in the attic.
I think we have time for a drink or two.
I think we may have met somewhere before.
I think we may have something that you'd be interested in buying.
I think we need to be very careful not to hurt Tom's feelings.
I think we need to find out where Tom is.
I think we need to find out who Tom plans to give that to.
I think we need to find out why Tom wasn't here yesterday.
I think we need to go back to Boston.
I think we need to have a talk.
I think we need to postpone the meeting.
I think we need to take a break.
I think we ought to change our policy.
I think we should all go to Tom's house.
I think we should ask Tom where he wants to live.
I think we should be allowed to go anywhere we want.
I think we should be honest with each other.
I think we should concentrate on other things.
I think we should discuss this in private.
I think we should get back to work.
I think we should go take a look.
I think we should sell our old car.
I think we should stick to the original plan.
I think we should talk about this later.
I think we should talk about this now.
I think we should try to do that.
I think we should use our time a bit more constructively.
I think we should wait a little longer.
I think we still have plenty of time.
I think we'd better ask Tom what he thinks.
I think we'd better do what Tom asks.
I think we'd better get out of here.
I think we'd better wait a little longer.
I think we'll all feel better once we get a little sleep.
I think we'll get a lot of proposals.
I think we'll get off at the next station.
I think we'll make it if we hurry.
I think we're all aware of the consequences.
I think we're going in the wrong direction.
I think we're going on vacation in June.
I think we're going to have a very strong team.
I think we're going to need it all.
I think we're going to need more money.
I think we're going to need more time.
I think we're going to stay for another day.
I think we're headed in the right direction.
I think we're the only people on this island.
I think we've already wasted too much time.
I think we've done a pretty good job so far.
I think we've got enough money to buy everything we need.
I think we've got it figured out now.
I think we've painted ourselves into a corner.
I think we've wasted enough of our time.
I think we've wasted enough of your time.
I think what impressed me most was the way Tom could talk to just about anyone.
I think what Tom did was very brave.
I think what Tom did was very stupid.
I think what Tom is doing is amazing.
I think what Tom is doing is great.
I think what Tom is doing is terrific.
I think what Tom is doing is worthwhile.
I think what you just did is illegal.
I think what you just told me was a lie.
I think what you want is over here.
I think you already have enough money to buy what you need.
I think you and I can help each other.
I think you and I need to have a talk.
I think you and Tom have more in common than you want to admit.
I think you are the one who broke it.
I think you didn't watch the video to the end.
I think you don't have enough money to buy that.
I think you had better stick to your present job.
I think you know exactly what I'm talking about.
I think you know that that isn't true.
I think you know that that's not a good idea.
I think you know that that's not true.
I think you know that we have to do that today.
I think you know that's not a good idea.
I think you know we have to do that today.
I think you know what has to be done.
I think you know what I'm talking about.
I think you know what you should do.
I think you know where I want to go.
I think you know who I'm talking about.
I think you know why I can't do that.
I think you may as well tell me.
I think you might eventually change your mind.
I think you might have a drinking problem.
I think you might want to check this out.
I think you need someone to talk to.
I think you need to buy a new pair of hiking boots.
I think you need to find yourself a part-time job.
I think you need to spend a little more time on your homework.
I think you need to study a little harder.
I think you need to think about the future.
I think you ought to get a little sleep.
I think you ought to pay more attention in class.
I think you ought to postpone the meeting.
I think you ought to rest a while.
I think you sent me the wrong document.
I think you should add a bit more pepper.
I think you should ask Tom to leave.
I think you should buy yourself a new pair of shoes.
I think you should buy yourselves some new clothes.
I think you should change your eating habits.
I think you should check under the bed.
I think you should do this on your own.
I think you should go to Australia for Christmas.
I think you should lie down. You look like you're about to faint.
I think you should open an account here.
I think you should rest a bit. You look pale.
I think you should send Tom to Boston.
I think you should stay here until it stops raining.
I think you should stay where you are.
I think you should stick to your training schedule.
I think you should stop giving Tom money.
I think you should tell Tom you love him.
I think you should think about the future.
I think you want this more than you want to admit.
I think you'd better go on a diet.
I think you'd better lie low until she forgives you.
I think you'd better take an umbrella in case it rains.
I think you'd better tell us the truth.
I think you'll be able to do it.
I think you'll have very little difficulty in getting a driver's license.
I think you'll know everybody at the party.
I think you'll regret it if you don't go with us.
I think you'll soon be on your feet again.
I think you'll want to hear me out.
I think your English has improved a lot.
I think your French has improved a lot.
I think your letter is under that book.
I think you're being a little too careful.
I think you're confusing me with someone else.
I think you're drinking out of my glass.
I think you're going to enjoy being here.
I think you're going to enjoy spending time with Tom.
I think you're going to find this interesting.
I think you're going to like being here.
I think you're going to like this one.
I think you're going to want to sit down.
I think you're putting in too much sugar.
I think you're the most beautiful girl I've ever seen.
I think you're the most beautiful woman in the whole wide world.
I think you're the one who did that.
I think you're the only one who cares.
I think you're the only one who needs help.
I think you're the woman I've been waiting for all my life.
I think you're too sick to go to school.
I think you've got me confused with somebody else.
I think you've got me confused with someone else.
I think you've mistaken me for someone else.
I think, without a doubt, that I'll win the tennis match.
I thought a change of scenery might do us good.
I thought a lot about what Tom said.
I thought a lot about what you said.
I thought a person like you would understand.
I thought a walk in the park might take our minds off our troubles.
I thought about all the times we used to play together as kids.
I thought about calling Tom, but I didn't.
I thought about giving my saxophone to Tom as a gift.
I thought about throwing it away, but decided to keep it.
I thought about what a jerk I had been.
I thought about writing you a message, but never got around to it.
I thought for a minute we had a problem.
I thought for a moment Tom was going to start laughing.
I thought for sure you would stay in Japan forever.
I thought he loved you, but as it is, he loved another girl.
I thought he was an American but he turned out to be an Englishman.
I thought I could be of some help.
I thought I could settle it by phone.
I thought I gave you the key yesterday.
I thought I had a month to finish this.
I thought I had already paid these bills.
I thought I had the right to fire anyone I wanted to.
I thought I heard a car door slam.
I thought I heard someone banging on the wall.
I thought I heard someone in the kitchen.
I thought I might be able to help.
I thought I might be of some use.
I thought I might never see you again.
I thought I put it in the car.
I thought I saw a rabbit on the road.
I thought I told you never to call me.
I thought I told you not to buy anything from that store.
I thought I told you not to come here.
I thought I told you not to come.
I thought I told you not to do that in here.
I thought I told you not to make trouble.
I thought I told you not to talk to my daughter.
I thought I told you to clean your room.
I thought I told you to cut your hair.
I thought I told you to go to bed.
I thought I told you to stay behind.
I thought I told you to stay in the car.
I thought I told you to trim your beard.
I thought I was about to be captured so I ran as fast as I could.
I thought I was doing the right thing.
I thought I was going to be rich.
I thought I was going to become a doctor.
I thought I was having a heart attack.
I thought I was never going to get out of prison.
I thought I was the only one who knew that.
I thought I'd be able to do that today.
I thought I'd died and gone to heaven.
I thought I'd forgotten to close the windows.
I thought I'd never see you alive again.
I thought I'd surprise Mary and take her to dinner.
I thought I'd try eating Mexican food today.
I thought if I broke up with you, I'd never have to see you again.
I thought it best for him to say nothing about the matter.
I thought it might be better to tell you now instead of later.
I thought it might be nice for us to spend some time together.
I thought it might be of some use.
I thought it must be something like that.
I thought it over and decided not to go.
I thought it sounded like a good idea.
I thought it was a good idea at the time.
I thought it was about time we all met.
I thought it was illegal to park here.
I thought it was my duty to tell you the truth.
I thought it was the least I could do.
I thought it was the perfect time to leave.
I thought it was the right thing to do.
I thought it was Tom, but it was John.
I thought it was totally normal at the time.
I thought it was unnecessary for us to do anything about that today.
I thought it would be a good concert, but it wasn't.
I thought it would be a good idea.
I thought it would be an opportunity for you to improve your French.
I thought it would be difficult to do that.
I thought it would be easier this way.
I thought it would be easy to do.
I thought it would be hard to do that.
I thought it'd be a lot of fun.
I thought it'd be fun to sing a few songs together.
I thought it'd be fun to surprise Tom.
I thought maybe I could buy you a drink.
I thought maybe I'd better not clean my room.
I thought maybe I'd better not go home right away.
I thought my eyes were playing tricks on me.
I thought my father was going to kill me.
I thought my head was going to explode.
I thought my parents would be proud of me.
I thought she wouldn't notice that he wasn't here.
I thought that a change of scenery might do us good.
I thought that book was difficult to read.
I thought that doing this would be easy.
I thought that everybody here was a vegetarian.
I thought that everyone here was a vegetarian.
I thought that he knew everything about Japan.
I thought that I could settle it by phone.
I thought that I gave you the key yesterday.
I thought that I had a good chance.
I thought that I had a month to finish this.
I thought that I had already paid these bills.
I thought that I had the right to fire anyone I wanted to.
I thought that I heard a car door slam.
I thought that I heard someone banging on the wall.
I thought that I heard someone in the kitchen.
I thought that I heard you come in.
I thought that I knew all your secrets.
I thought that I knew what to do.
I thought that I might be able to help.
I thought that I might be of some use.
I thought that I might never see you again.
I thought that I put it in the car.
I thought that I saw a rabbit on the road.
I thought that I saw somebody I knew.
I thought that I saw someone I knew.
I thought that I told you never to call me.
I thought that I told you not to come here.
I thought that I told you not to come.
I thought that I told you not to make trouble.
I thought that I told you not to talk to my daughter.
I thought that I told you to clean your room.
I thought that I told you to cut your hair.
I thought that I told you to go to bed.
I thought that I told you to stay behind.
I thought that I told you to stay in the car.
I thought that I was a good coach.
I thought that I was doing the right thing.
I thought that I was going to be rich.
I thought that I was going to die.
I thought that I was going to earn a lot of money doing that.
I thought that I was going to faint.
I thought that I was losing my mind.
I thought that I was never going to get out of prison.
I thought that I was the only one who knew that.
I thought that I was your best friend.
I thought that I wouldn't know the answers.
I thought that I wouldn't need to do that.
I thought that I'd be able to do that today.
I thought that I'd died and gone to heaven.
I thought that I'd forgotten to close the windows.
I thought that I'd never see you again.
I thought that I'd never see you alive again.
I thought that I'd prefer going by myself.
I thought that if I broke up with you, I'd never have to see you again.
I thought that it sounded like a good idea.
I thought that it was a great idea.
I thought that it was a prank call.
I thought that it was a very good book.
I thought that it was illegal to park here.
I thought that it was just a metaphor.
I thought that it was kind of cool.
I thought that it was the least I could do.
I thought that it was the perfect time to leave.
I thought that it was totally normal at the time.
I thought that it would be a good concert, but it wasn't.
I thought that it would be a good idea.
I thought that it would be easy to do.
I thought that it would be hard to do that.
I thought that it would make you laugh.
I thought that it'd be a lot of fun.
I thought that it'd be fun to sing a few songs together.
I thought that it'd be fun to surprise Tom.
I thought that maybe I could buy you a drink.
I thought that maybe I'd better not clean my room.
I thought that maybe that would be enough.
I thought that maybe we could do that.
I thought that maybe we could watch a movie.
I thought that maybe you'd have an idea.
I thought that my eyes were playing tricks on me.
I thought that my father was going to kill me.
I thought that my head was going to explode.
I thought that my parents would be proud of me.
I thought that perhaps you could help us.
I thought that something had happened to you.
I thought that system was abolished last year.
I thought that that system was abolished last year.
I thought that that was a good thing.
I thought that that was the right thing to do.
I thought that that would be a great idea.
I thought that the company had sent Tom to Boston.
I thought that the concert went pretty well.
I thought that the food was too greasy.
I thought that the Jacksons were having a party.
I thought that the meeting had been canceled.
I thought that there was somebody in the room.
I thought that this pair of shoes would last longer.
I thought that Tom and Mary were already married.
I thought that Tom and Mary were both under thirty.
I thought that Tom did a nice job.
I thought that Tom died last year in Boston.
I thought that Tom had a day off.
I thought that Tom had a meeting this afternoon.
I thought that Tom had a soccer game tonight.
I thought that Tom had agreed to do the job.
I thought that Tom might want to do that today.
I thought that Tom said it was a dog.
I thought that Tom told you what you had to do.
I thought that Tom was going to ask someone else to do that.
I thought that Tom was going to take us to see Mary.
I thought that Tom was one of them.
I thought that Tom was planning on staying for a month.
I thought that Tom was still at home.
I thought that Tom was still in jail.
I thought that Tom was your best friend.
I thought that Tom would appreciate the gift from Mary.
I thought that Tom would be at the bar.
I thought that Tom would be here today.
I thought that Tom would stay a little longer.
I thought that Tom would stay overnight in Boston.
I thought that Tom would want the work.
I thought that Tom would watch the ships leaving.
I thought that was the right thing to do.
I thought that we could get together later.
I thought that we could stay here all day.
I thought that we had a good time.
I thought that we had a great relationship.
I thought that we had agreed on this.
I thought that we had found the perfect hiding place, but the police found us.
I thought that we had settled that already.
I thought that we had that under control.
I thought that we talked about this already.
I thought that we were all going to die.
I thought that we were going out to dinner.
I thought that we were going to crash.
I thought that we were going to die.
I thought that we were going to your place.
I thought that we were on the same side.
I thought that we were supposed to eat lunch together.
I thought that we weren't going to do this.
I thought that we would be more comfortable here.
I thought that we would have breakfast together.
I thought that we'd be more comfortable here.
I thought that we'd worry about that later.
I thought that would be a great idea.
I thought that you already had a ticket.
I thought that you already paid the bill.
I thought that you and I could eat together.
I thought that you could use a break.
I thought that you could use a friend.
I thought that you didn't believe in ghosts.
I thought that you didn't care about money.
I thought that you didn't have a girlfriend.
I thought that you didn't have any money.
I thought that you didn't like romance movies.
I thought that you didn't want to go.
I thought that you didn't want to talk about this stuff.
I thought that you didn't want to talk to us.
I thought that you had all the answers.
I thought that you had it all figured out.
I thought that you had learned that by now.
I thought that you had more sense than that.
I thought that you had to get up by 7:30.
I thought that you just had two drinks.
I thought that you knew I was just kidding.
I thought that you knew I was kidding.
I thought that you lived with your family.
I thought that you might change your mind.
I thought that you might feel the same way.
I thought that you might like some company.
I thought that you might like some hot coffee.
I thought that you might like to know that.
I thought that you might like to know where we'll be going next weekend.
I thought that you might need some help getting ready for your wedding.
I thought that you might need some help.
I thought that you might want a drink.
I thought that you might want some breakfast.
I thought that you might want this back.
I thought that you might want to know.
I thought that you of all people would understand my decision.
I thought that you said that you couldn't afford a truck.
I thought that you said that you worked here.
I thought that you said that you'd do that for sure.
I thought that you said that you'd rather do that yourselves.
I thought that you said that you've seen Tom do that.
I thought that you said Tom needed more time.
I thought that you said you weren't interested.
I thought that you said you worked here.
I thought that you said you've seen Tom do that.
I thought that you should read these documents.
I thought that you should see this contract.
I thought that you told me you didn't know Tom.
I thought that you wanted me to help you.
I thought that you wanted to be a dancer.
I thought that you wanted to come with us.
I thought that you wanted to get out of here.
I thought that you wanted to go with us.
I thought that you wanted to watch that movie.
I thought that you went to your room to sleep.
I thought that you were a decent young woman.
I thought that you were able to speak French.
I thought that you were against this proposal.
I thought that you were going to die.
I thought that you were going to fix the sink.
I thought that you were going to go to Australia.
I thought that you were going to live with us.
I thought that you were going to stay home.
I thought that you were going to wait for me.
I thought that you were having a good time.
I thought that you were in your room.
I thought that you were mad at me.
I thought that you were older than me.
I thought that you were one of us.
I thought that you were smarter than that.
I thought that you were Tom's legal guardian.
I thought that you were trying to be funny.
I thought that you wouldn't mind waiting for me.
I thought that you wouldn't tell her that we hadn't done our homework.
I thought that you'd already taken care of that.
I thought that you'd always wanted to see this movie.
I thought that you'd be dead by now.
I thought that you'd be disappointed in me.
I thought that you'd be in your room.
I thought that you'd be interested in this.
I thought that you'd be proud of me.
I thought that you'd gone and left me.
I thought that you'd jump at the chance.
I thought that you'd want to help me.
I thought that you'd want to meet my family.
I thought that you'd want to see this movie.
I thought that you'd want to see this.
I thought that you'd want to take a look.
I thought that you'd want to try some Japanese food.
I thought that you'd wear something like that.
I thought that your dad took away your credit card.
I thought the company had sent Tom to Boston.
I thought the Jacksons were having a party.
I thought the little boy who was staring and pointing at the foreigner was very rude.
I thought there was a possibility that Tom was going to break the contract.
I thought there was no one in the kitchen.
I thought there was somebody in the room.
I thought things would get better, but as it is, they are getting worse.
I thought this pair of shoes would last longer.
I thought this present might be from you.
I thought Tom and Mary were already married.
I thought Tom and Mary were both dead.
I thought Tom and Mary were both under 30.
I thought Tom and Mary were married to each other.
I thought Tom died last year in Boston.
I thought Tom had a meeting this afternoon.
I thought Tom had a soccer game tonight.
I thought Tom had agreed to do the job.
I thought Tom had enough money to live on.
I thought Tom might want to do that today.
I thought Tom said it was a dog.
I thought Tom told you what you had to do.
I thought Tom was going to be here.
I thought Tom was going to take us to see Mary.
I thought Tom wasn't going to be here today.
I thought Tom would appreciate the gift from Mary.
I thought Tom would ask Mary to go with him to Boston.
I thought Tom would be at the bar.
I thought Tom would leave the book with Mary.
I thought Tom would need help getting in and out of the bathtub.
I thought Tom would speak French better than Mary.
I thought Tom would stay a little longer.
I thought Tom would stay overnight in Boston.
I thought Tom would watch the ships leaving.
I thought we could eat out on the patio.
I thought we could stay here all day.
I thought we could use the cloth napkins.
I thought we had eaten everything in the house, but I found another box of crackers.
I thought we had found the perfect hiding place, but the police found us.
I thought we had until 2:30 to finish this.
I thought we were all going to die.
I thought we were going out to dinner.
I thought we were going to go somewhere.
I thought we were going to your place.
I thought we were on the same side.
I thought we were supposed to eat lunch together.
I thought we weren't going to do this.
I thought we weren't going to go there.
I thought we would be more comfortable here.
I thought we'd agreed that you wouldn't do that anymore.
I thought we'd try that new restaurant down the street.
I thought you and I could eat together.
I thought you and Tom were going to go to Boston.
I thought you didn't want to talk about this stuff.
I thought you didn't want to talk to us.
I thought you had it all figured out.
I thought you had learned that by now.
I thought you had more sense than that.
I thought you had somewhere else to be.
I thought you had to be up by 7.30.
I thought you had to get up at 7.30.
I thought you had to get up by 7:30.
I thought you knew I was just kidding.
I thought you might be interested in this.
I thought you might be lonely, so I came over with a bottle of wine.
I thought you might feel the same way.
I thought you might like some hot coffee.
I thought you might like to know that.
I thought you might like to know where we'll be going next weekend.
I thought you might like to know who's coming over for dinner.
I thought you might need some help getting ready for your wedding.
I thought you might want to come along.
I thought you of all people would understand my decision.
I thought you said that you didn't want to be disturbed.
I thought you said that you needed me to do that for you.
I thought you said that you worked here.
I thought you said that you'd do that for sure.
I thought you said that you've seen Tom do that.
I thought you said Tom needed more time.
I thought you said we weren't going to complain anymore.
I thought you said you couldn't eat raw fish.
I thought you said you didn't like to do that.
I thought you said you didn't want to be disturbed.
I thought you said you were going to be on vacation.
I thought you said you've seen Tom do that.
I thought you told me you didn't know Tom.
I thought you used to live in a trailer.
I thought you wanted me to help you.
I thought you wanted to be a dancer.
I thought you wanted to come with us.
I thought you wanted to get out of here.
I thought you wanted to go with us.
I thought you wanted to watch that movie.
I thought you went to your room to sleep.
I thought you were a decent young woman.
I thought you were able to speak French.
I thought you were going to fix the sink.
I thought you were going to stay home.
I thought you were going to wait for me.
I thought you were having a good time.
I thought you were supposed to be at school now.
I thought you were trying to be funny.
I thought you wouldn't mind waiting for me.
I thought you wouldn't tell her that we hadn't done our homework.
I thought you'd already taken care of that.
I thought you'd always wanted to see this movie.
I thought you'd be full after eating that big steak.
I thought you'd been killed. I'm glad I was wrong.
I thought you'd eventually realize Tom didn't like you.
I thought you'd want to meet my family.
I thought you'd want to see this movie.
I thought you'd want to take a look.
I thought you'd want to try some Japanese food.
I thought your dad took away your credit card.
I threw a ball to my dog and he caught it in his mouth.
I threw the strange package on the table.
I throw myself on the mercy of the court.
I tied my dog to a tree in the garden.
I tied my dog to the tree in the yard.
I told a bedtime story to my daughter.
I told an amusing story to the children.
I told everyone I wanted to learn French.
I told her not to let go of the rope, but she did.
I told her once and for all that I wouldn't go shopping with her.
I told her to quickly finish the report.
I told her to sit down and to drink a glass of water.
I told her what he was doing in her room.
I told him to come the following day.
I told him to work hard or he would fail.
I told him, once and for all, that I would not marry him.
I told my mom I was gay and it didn't faze her at all.
I told my secretary to cancel all my appointments.
I told the children to be quiet, but they just kept on being noisy.
I told the news to everyone I met.
I told them to send me another ticket.
I told them what I thought of their plan.
I told Tom he should save a little money each month.
I told Tom how Mary had been injured.
I told Tom how to get to our house.
I told Tom I wanted to go with him.
I told Tom I wanted to learn French.
I told Tom I was going to handle it.
I told Tom Mary was telling the truth.
I told Tom that he should study French.
I told Tom that he shouldn't go out after dark.
I told Tom that I never wanted to see him again.
I told Tom that I was interested in buying one of his paintings.
I told Tom that I wasn't interested in going fishing with him.
I told Tom that it would be dangerous.
I told Tom that Mary was telling the truth.
I told Tom that was just what we needed.
I told Tom that what he was doing was illegal.
I told Tom the reasons that he should study French.
I told Tom to be home by 2:30.
I told Tom to do that as soon as possible.
I told Tom to do that right away.
I told Tom to relax and take it easy.
I told Tom to take off his shoes.
I told Tom to wait in the car.
I told Tom what had to be done.
I told Tom what he had to do.
I told Tom where I'd bought my hat.
I told Tom why I had to do that.
I told Tom why I needed to do that.
I told Tom why I wanted to do that.
I told Tom why I went to Australia.
I told you before that I'm not interested in hanging out with you.
I told you guys to go home. Why are you still here?
I told you his name was Tom, didn't I?
I told you I didn't want any coffee.
I told you I didn't want to go to Boston.
I told you I don't know how to do that.
I told you I need a few more days.
I told you I wanted to buy it.
I told you I wasn't going to call Tom.
I told you it was a waste of time.
I told you it was going to be cold here.
I told you it was going to be easy.
I told you it wouldn't take too long.
I told you it wouldn't work, didn't I?
I told you not to call me at work.
I told you not to call me on weekends.
I told you not to call me Tom, didn't I?
I told you not to talk about the matter in her presence.
I told you not to tell that to anyone.
I told you that my dad died when I was thirteen.
I told you that was just a joke.
I told you that you weren't supposed to do it.
I told you the truth when I told you I loved you.
I told you this was a waste of time.
I told you this was going to be boring.
I told you this was going to happen.
I told you this wasn't a good idea.
I told you to keep your mouth shut.
I told you to leave it in the car.
I told you to never come back here.
I told you to open the hood, not the trunk.
I told you to stay away from me.
I told you to stay away from my daughter.
I told you to stay in the car.
I told you to stay in the house.
I told you to stay out of it.
I told you to stay out of this.
I told you we should've gotten here earlier. Now there aren't any places left to sit.
I told you we'd make a good team.
I told you you had to go home. Why are you still here?
I took a bus so I wouldn't be late for my appointment.
I took a lot of pictures on my trip.
I took a shower and then went to bed.
I took a taxi because it was raining.
I took a taxi because the bus was late.
I took a taxi from the station to the hotel.
I took a taxi from the train station to the hotel.
I took a taxi to the train station.
I took advantage of a sale and bought three sweaters.
I took for granted that he got homesick.
I took him to the most expensive restaurant on campus.
I took it for granted that he would keep his word.
I took it for granted that he would succeed.
I took it for granted that she had received my letter.
I took it for granted that she would come to our wedding.
I took it for granted that she would come.
I took it for granted that you were on our side.
I took it for granted that you would come to my party.
I took it for granted that you would come with us.
I took it for granted that you would join.
I took it for granted that you'd come.
I took my coat off because it was hot.
I took my shoes off and put them under the bed.
I took my shoes off and threw them out the window.
I took off my coat because it was hot.
I took off my hat and entered the church.
I took over the business from my father.
I took sides with them in the argument.
I took some creative liberties. I hope you don't mind.
I took the 10:30 train, which was ten minutes late.
I took the cake out of the oven.
I took the elevator to the fourth floor.
I took the elevator to the third floor.
I took the job because they promised me I wouldn't have to work weekends.
I took the liberty of calling him by his first name.
I took the little girl by the hand.
I took the opportunity to visit the museum.
I took the puppy to my grandmother's house.
I took the wheels off of my bicycle.
I took time off from work and went to the doctor.
I tore a hole in my jeans when I fell off my bike.
I tore the picture out of the album.
I tore up all the letters that you wrote to me.
I tossed and turned in bed all night.
I traded in my old car for a new one.
I trained my dog to bring me the newspaper in the morning.
I translated the poem the best I could.
I tried Buddhist meditation once, but I fell asleep halfway through the session.
I tried calling but didn't get an answer.
I tried doing that a few days ago.
I tried flying from the top of the tree.
I tried in vain to persuade him not to smoke any more.
I tried my best to get here on time.
I tried my best, but I still lost the race.
I tried not to cry in front of him.
I tried not to look into her eyes.
I tried not to make any sudden movements.
I tried on every pair of shoes in the store, but none of them fit me.
I tried sitting on that chair, but it was wobbly.
I tried the cake, but it was too sweet for me.
I tried the coat on, but it was too large for me.
I tried the door, but it was locked.
I tried thinking about why it was that I didn't trust him.
I tried to align the pieces of metal perfectly together before soldering them.
I tried to avoid looking at her eyes.
I tried to call him up, but the line was busy.
I tried to call you last night, but you didn't answer.
I tried to convince myself I hadn't done anything wrong.
I tried to convince myself that I hadn't done anything wrong.
I tried to convince Tom to do that for us.
I tried to convince Tom to do that.
I tried to do everything that I could to stop Tom.
I tried to do everything you asked me to do.
I tried to do it that way once.
I tried to do that, but I couldn't.
I tried to eat it, but I couldn't.
I tried to get in touch with the police.
I tried to get to the bottom of things.
I tried to get Tom to learn to drive.
I tried to get up, but I fell down again.
I tried to give her some money, but she wouldn't take any.
I tried to imagine life on the moon.
I tried to keep Tom from doing that.
I tried to learn the melody by heart.
I tried to make the best of it.
I tried to open the door, but I couldn't because it was locked.
I tried to open the door, but I couldn't since it was locked.
I tried to open the door, but I couldn't.
I tried to open the door, but it was stuck.
I tried to pretend I was something I wasn't.
I tried to pretend that I didn't care.
I tried to reach you on the phone, but I was unable to get through.
I tried to solve the problem, but I couldn't.
I tried to solve the riddle but couldn't.
I tried to solve the riddle, but I couldn't.
I tried to take our dog out of our house.
I tried to talk a friend of mine out of getting married.
I tried to talk to Tom, but he ignored me.
I tried to tell Tom, but he refused to listen.
I tried to write with my left hand.
I truly didn't know you felt this way.
I trust the room will be to your satisfaction.
I trusted him with all the money I had.
I try not to dwell on the past.
I try not to let my emotions affect my decisions.
I try not to let my emotions influence my decisions.
I try not to think about Tom too much.
I try not to use more paper than I need.
I try to do it once a week.
I try to help Tom every chance I get.
I try to help Tom every chance that I get.
I try to keep a low profile now.
I try to never eat after 8:00 p.m.
I try to read at least a few pages a day.
I try to travel with only one suitcase.
I tuck my children into bed every night.
I turned off the lamp and went to sleep.
I turned on the radio to listen to the news.
I turned over the business to my son.
I underlined all the words I didn't know.
I understand exactly what Tom is going through.
I understand it, but I still don't agree with it.
I understand now why he didn't go to a university.
I understand that a mistake has been made.
I understand that this is a difficult decision for you.
I understand the general approach, but I'm afraid that I'm getting bogged down in the details.
I understand the sentence, but I'm not able to translate it.
I understand what you mean, but I'm not sure how to translate it.
I understand what you're asking me to do, but I can't do that.
I understand what you're asking me to do, but I won't do that.
I understand what you're trying to tell me.
I understand why Tom didn't want to do that.
I understand your point of view, but don't agree with it.
I understand you're looking for a record album of nursery rhymes.
I understood everything that you said to me.
I unrolled my sleeping bag and crawled in.
I urgently need to go to the bathroom.
I urgently need to go to the dentist.
I use a dictionary when I don't understand the meaning of words.
I use it every day for my work.
I use ordinary slips of paper as bookmarks.
I use the Internet as a resource for my research.
I used a computer in order to save time.
I used a ribbon to tie my hair into a ponytail.
I used one of my old shirts as a rag.
I used some of the walnuts you gave me in these cookies.
I used the knife to cut the cake.
I used the spoon that Tom gave me last Christmas to serve the pudding.
I used the spoon Tom gave me last Christmas to serve the pudding.
I used to be a bit more fastidious.
I used to be the same age as you.
I used to be tired all the time.
I used to do a lot of volunteer work.
I used to do that all the time.
I used to do that as a kid.
I used to do that, but I don't do it anymore.
I used to dream about becoming a model.
I used to dream about being able to breathe underwater.
I used to fish for hours on holidays.
I used to go fishing quite often, but now I rarely go.
I used to go fishing with my father when I was a child.
I used to go ice fishing when I was younger.
I used to go out with friends every weekend.
I used to go swimming in the sea when I was a child.
I used to go to church on Sunday.
I used to go to that library to study.
I used to have one, but it was stolen.
I used to keep a diary in English when I was a student.
I used to keep my room much cleaner.
I used to look up to him, but not anymore.
I used to not be able to do this.
I used to often go skiing in the winter.
I used to play alone when I was a child.
I used to play here as a child.
I used to play tennis in high school.
I used to play tennis when I was a student.
I used to play tennis with him on Sunday.
I used to play the guitar fairly well.
I used to play with a couple of boys.
I used to play with my sister in the park.
I used to ride my bike to school, but now I take the bus.
I used to sing every day when I was a child.
I used to swim every day when I was a child.
I used to take a walk early in the morning.
I used to take a walk every morning.
I used to take a walk in the morning.
I used to take long walks every afternoon.
I used to tell people I knew how to speak French.
I used to think doing this was hard.
I used to think it didn't really matter what I fed my dog.
I used to volunteer at the local soup kitchen.
I used to work in an electronics store.
I used to write in my diary every day when I was young.
I usually buy my clothes at the department store.
I usually don't bother with people like him.
I usually don't get up until noon on Sundays.
I usually don't have time to eat a large lunch.
I usually eat lunch at 11:30 to avoid the rush.
I usually eat lunch with Tom two or three times a week.
I usually eat only one or two meals a day.
I usually eat two or three eggs for breakfast at least three times a week.
I usually go out with my friends on Friday nights.
I usually go to the barber once a month.
I usually have a ham and cheese sandwich for lunch.
I usually just take it easy on weekends.
I usually prefer to pay with credit card and not with cash.
I usually take a bath before going to bed.
I usually take a shower after I play tennis, but today I couldn't.
I usually take a shower in the evening.
I usually take my dogs for a walk in the afternoon.
I usually toss my loose change into my desk drawer.
I usually use a credit card instead of cash.
I usually wash my clothes at a launderette.
I usually went to the movies on Sunday.
I very much don't want to have to do that.
I visit my parents every Sunday without fail.
I visited Paris, but I didn't climb the Eiffel tower, since I'm afraid of heights.
I visited the town for the first time in a long time.
I wagered him a dollar that I'd sell more magazines than he would.
I waited for an hour, but he didn't appear.
I waited for her for a really long time.
I waited for him at the station for an hour, but he didn't show up.
I waited for Tom for three hours, but he never came.
I waited for you for a long time.
I waited for you to get out of prison.
I waited half an hour for my friend, but he didn't turn up.
I waited up for him until ten o'clock.
I wake him up at 6 every morning.
I wake up at half past six in the morning.
I wake up at six, but I don't get out of bed until seven.
I walk across that bridge every morning on the way to school.
I walk my dog along the river every morning.
I walk my dog in the park every morning.
I want a better look at this document.
I want a boat that will take me far away from here.
I want a boat that'll take me far away from here.
I want a book to read on the train.
I want a box three times as large as this.
I want a car that runs on solar power.
I want a car, but I have no money to buy one.
I want a cheeseburger, a coke and some fries.
I want a compact car with an air conditioner.
I want a complete report on my desk by 2:30.
I want a cup of coffee and I want it now.
I want a hot shower before I go back to work.
I want a jump rope with wooden handles.
I want a knife to cut the rope with.
I want a list of everyone in this class.
I want a massage. I need to relax.
I want a match. Do you have one?
I want a new computer for my birthday.
I want a person who can speak French.
I want a tie to go with this suit.
I want a written report in my hands first thing tomorrow morning.
I want all my children to go to college.
I want all of you to listen carefully.
I want an answer from you as soon as possible.
I want an explanation and I want it now.
I want an hourly update about what's happening.
I want answers and I want them now.
I want back what you've taken from me.
I want credit for the work I've done.
I want each of you to tell me exactly what you did last weekend.
I want every day to be as good as this one.
I want everybody to know about what happened.
I want everyone in my office in 20 minutes.
I want everyone to hear what I have to say.
I want everyone to know about what happened.
I want everything in order by this time tomorrow.
I want everything put back where it was.
I want everything to go back to the way it was.
I want everything to work out just right.
I want everything you just said written into the contract.
I want for you and me to be happy.
I want guards posted here and I want them here now.
I want her to do the difficult work.
I want him to be informed about that in advance.
I want it delivered to me by noon tomorrow.
I want it to be different this time.
I want it to look like a robbery.
I want life to be the way it was before.
I want my children to go to college.
I want my children to have dual citizenship.
I want my children to have that opportunity.
I want my children to have the best of everything.
I want my children to reach their full potential.
I want my dinner brought to my room.
I want my father to see the movie.
I want my money back and I want it back now.
I want my parents to be proud of me.
I want my whole family to be proud of me.
I want some answers and I want them now.
I want some beautiful flowers to put on the table.
I want that information as soon as possible.
I want that more than I've ever wanted anything in my life.
I want that report on my desk in one hour.
I want the money you owe me and I want it now.
I want the same jacket as you're wearing.
I want the two of you to quit arguing.
I want the two of you to try to get along with each other.
I want the whole world to know about us.
I want the whole world to know that we're going to get married.
I want the whole world to know that we're in love.
I want the whole world to know we're going to get married.
I want the whole world to know we're in love.
I want things to be different this time.
I want this fixed as soon as possible.
I want this luggage carried to my room at once.
I want this luggage taken to my room at once.
I want this matter taken care of immediately.
I want this more than anything in the world.
I want this photograph developed as soon as possible.
I want this work completed by two o'clock tomorrow afternoon.
I want those reports on my desk within the hour.
I want those responsible for the massacre brought to trial.
I want to answer the last question first.
I want to apologize for all the things I said earlier today.
I want to apologize for everything I said.
I want to apologize for my behavior yesterday evening.
I want to apologize for the other day.
I want to apologize for the way I acted last night.
I want to apologize for the way I talked to you the last time we met.
I want to apologize to all of you for what just happened.
I want to apologize to you for calling you a jerk in front of your girlfriend.
I want to arrive at Kennedy Airport early in the afternoon.
I want to ask a favor of you.
I want to ask him for his phone number.
I want to ask them when their big day is.
I want to ask you a big favor.
I want to ask you about the money you found.
I want to ask you one last favor.
I want to ask you one simple question.
I want to ask you some more questions.
I want to be a doctor when I grow up.
I want to be a farmer like my father.
I want to be a pilot in the future.
I want to be a pilot when I grow up.
I want to be a teacher in the future.
I want to be able to speak French like a native speaker.
I want to be able to walk down this street without worrying about getting shot.
I want to be alone for a while.
I want to be assigned to the vice squad.
I want to be certain you are who you say you are.
I want to be doing a good job.
I want to be in a rock band.
I want to be in your life again.
I want to be on the other team.
I want to be part of the solution, not part of the problem.
I want to be someone you can turn to.
I want to be the first to do that.
I want to be very clear about that.
I want to be with you more than anything.
I want to be worthy of your friendship.
I want to believe that everything's all right.
I want to believe there's still a chance for us to be happy together.
I want to borrow your car for an hour.
I want to buy a few pairs of trousers.
I want to buy a more expensive watch.
I want to buy a new pair of shoes.
I want to buy a pair of ski boots.
I want to buy a really good smoke detector.
I want to buy a shirt for my brother.
I want to buy a shirt for my sister.
I want to buy this material for a new dress. How much does it cost?
I want to clean the house before my parents return.
I want to come back here next year.
I want to contact my relatives back home.
I want to contribute to a charitable cause.
I want to cut down on the time it takes to process records.
I want to dedicate all my time to this project.
I want to dedicate this song to him.
I want to devote my life to education.
I want to discuss a very important matter with you.
I want to discuss this with your manager.
I want to do everything I'm expected to do.
I want to do my job the best I can.
I want to do some bass fishing, but I don't know what to use for bait.
I want to do some shopping around here.
I want to do something with my life.
I want to do that on my own.
I want to do this as much as you do.
I want to do this on my own.
I want to do this the right way.
I want to do what's best for both of us.
I want to drink a cup of tea.
I want to earn a lot of money.
I want to eat a piece of cake.
I want to eat some Korean food that isn't hot and spicy.
I want to eat some Korean food that isn't spicy.
I want to eat something different for a change.
I want to eat something that isn't sweet.
I want to emphasize the need to get this done on time.
I want to emphasize this point in particular.
I want to examine the body of the victim.
I want to exchange this for a smaller size.
I want to find a box for this.
I want to find a way for us to be happy.
I want to find out if the warranty has expired yet.
I want to find out what caused the problem.
I want to find out what Tom did yesterday.
I want to find out where it came from.
I want to find out who broke the window.
I want to find someplace quiet to study.
I want to find somewhere I can sit down and relax.
I want to finish the work on my own.
I want to finish this work by five.
I want to follow you wherever you're going.
I want to get a good seat, so I plan to arrive early.
I want to get a haircut before I go on the trip.
I want to get as far away from here as I can.
I want to get as much information as possible.
I want to get into shape, so I've been working out every day.
I want to get married and have children.
I want to get married and I want to have kids.
I want to get married, just not to you.
I want to get my mind off work.
I want to get on with my life.
I want to get out here as soon as I can.
I want to get out of here as fast as possible.
I want to get out of this town.
I want to get rid of all these books.
I want to get rid of all these things.
I want to get there early so we can get good seats.
I want to get this translated into French.
I want to get Tom something nice for his birthday.
I want to give you enough time to do that.
I want to give you some money to help you through these hard times.
I want to give you the chance to do that.
I want to go and see the cherry trees in blossom.
I want to go back to doing what I was doing before you interrupted me.
I want to go back to my cubicle.
I want to go back to my quarters.
I want to go back to the way it was.
I want to go back to where we were.
I want to go home to see my wife.
I want to go on a trip with you.
I want to go outside for a breath of fresh air.
I want to go over a few things with you.
I want to go over it again in more detail.
I want to go over these numbers with you.
I want to go somewhere on a trip.
I want to go to America some day.
I want to go to Australia again before my passport expires.
I want to go to Australia once again before my passport expires.
I want to go to Australia once more before my passport expires.
I want to go to Australia one more time before my passport expires.
I want to go to Australia with my family.
I want to go to bed earlier tonight.
I want to go to Boston with Tom.
I want to go to school in Australia.
I want to go to see a movie.
I want to go to sleep soon because I need to get up early tomorrow.
I want to go to the skating rink.
I want to go to the top of the Eiffel Tower.
I want to go, but I don't have money.
I want to grow up to be a great scientist.
I want to have a cup of coffee.
I want to have a job that I love.
I want to have a lot of money.
I want to have a part-time job, too.
I want to have a proper house and garden.
I want to have a talk with him about my future.
I want to have a talk with him about the matter.
I want to have a word with Tom.
I want to have a word with you.
I want to have something to remember you by.
I want to hear all about your trip.
I want to hear anything you have to say.
I want to hear more about your trip.
I want to hear the rest of the story.
I want to hear what everyone has to say.
I want to hear what you have to say.
I want to hear you play the piano.
I want to help Tom as much as I can.
I want to help you figure this out.
I want to help you get out of this mess.
I want to help you with your homework.
I want to introduce you to some people.
I want to keep a cat instead of a dog.
I want to keep doing this for as long as possible.
I want to keep my room as neat as possible.
I want to keep things professional between us.
I want to know a lot of things.
I want to know exactly how Tom died.
I want to know exactly what you did.
I want to know how he manages to make such good use of his time.
I want to know how much time Tom spent doing that.
I want to know how much Tom weighs.
I want to know how they do that.
I want to know how this happened and why.
I want to know how you did it.
I want to know how you feel about this.
I want to know how you know that.
I want to know if my baggage is going to arrive.
I want to know if you'll be free tomorrow.
I want to know more about the accident that killed Tom.
I want to know more about you, Tom.
I want to know more about your country.
I want to know more about your school life.
I want to know that what I'm doing is right.
I want to know the truth about my son's death.
I want to know what caused the accident.
I want to know what happened to Tom.
I want to know what I can do right now.
I want to know what I can do.
I want to know what this is all about.
I want to know what this is called.
I want to know what time to come.
I want to know what time you plan to arrive.
I want to know what we're here for.
I want to know what you did this summer.
I want to know what you do for a living.
I want to know what you see right now.
I want to know what you're doing here.
I want to know what you're thinking about.
I want to know what's going on here.
I want to know what's going on out here.
I want to know what's going on out there.
I want to know what's happened to Tom.
I want to know what's in this box.
I want to know what's on that train.
I want to know when my baggage is going to arrive.
I want to know when Tom will be back.
I want to know where it came from.
I want to know where my food comes from.
I want to know where they hid the money.
I want to know where you heard that.
I want to know where you plan to live.
I want to know where you've hidden the key.
I want to know who gave that to you.
I want to know who is in charge.
I want to know who paid for this.
I want to know who threw the first punch.
I want to know who told you that.
I want to know who was in charge.
I want to know who you were with this afternoon.
I want to know who your friends are.
I want to know who's coming with us.
I want to know why Tom couldn't come.
I want to know why you aren't ready.
I want to know why you did that.
I want to know why you don't like Tom.
I want to know why you weren't at the meeting this morning.
I want to know why you're doing this.
I want to learn how to play the harp.
I want to learn how to speak French.
I want to learn to play the guitar like you.
I want to learn to sing like you.
I want to learn to speak Hawaiian, so I can impress my girlfriend.
I want to leave this city and never come back.
I want to let go of your hands now.
I want to lie down and rest for a while.
I want to lie down for a few minutes.
I want to live close to the station.
I want to live in a big city.
I want to live in a quiet city where the air is clean.
I want to live in a small town.
I want to live in a world where people love one another.
I want to live in either Boston or Chicago.
I want to live somewhere that isn't polluted.
I want to lose a bit of weight.
I want to make a complaint to the management.
I want to make a good first impression.
I want to make a phone call, but I don't have any change now.
I want to make amends for my behavior.
I want to make friends with your sister.
I want to make it up to you.
I want to make more money than my parents.
I want to make one thing perfectly clear.
I want to make sure I understand what you're saying.
I want to make sure it's good enough.
I want to make sure nothing will happen to Tom.
I want to make sure that doesn't happen.
I want to make sure that I don't catch the flu.
I want to make sure there is enough.
I want to make sure Tom does that.
I want to make sure we have enough time to finish this.
I want to make sure we have enough water.
I want to make sure you are who you say you are.
I want to make sure you know what to do.
I want to make sure you're going to be all right.
I want to marry a girl like her.
I want to meet people and have fun.
I want to move out of this cramped room as soon as I can.
I want to name the baby after you.
I want to open a restaurant of my own.
I want to pay back the money I owe you.
I want to prove I can do this.
I want to punch you in the face.
I want to punch you in your face.
I want to remind you that you have a 2:30 appointment.
I want to run some ideas by you.
I want to say this the right way.
I want to see a doctor about my stomachache.
I want to see him at all costs.
I want to see him no matter what.
I want to see if I can do that.
I want to see the director of the company.
I want to see the scene in slow motion.
I want to see what I'm capable of.
I want to see what I'm up against.
I want to see what the message says.
I want to see what there is inside.
I want to see what's going to happen.
I want to see what's on the other side.
I want to see you in my office right now.
I want to see you in my office this afternoon.
I want to see you in my office.
I want to see you in your office in half an hour.
I want to see you two in my office. Now.
I want to send this by registered mail.
I want to send this letter to Japan.
I want to share my thoughts with you.
I want to share this with my grandchildren one day.
I want to show you something in my office.
I want to show you something in the office.
I want to show you something I've been working on.
I want to show you something very special.
I want to show you what Tom gave me.
I want to sit down for a change.
I want to sleep in my own bed tonight.
I want to sleep in my own bed.
I want to sort this out once and for all.
I want to speak to my lawyer now.
I want to speak to the person in charge.
I want to speak to whoever is in charge here.
I want to spend all my time with you.
I want to spend Christmas with my family.
I want to spend more time alone with you.
I want to spend more time doing things that make me happy.
I want to spend more time doing things that matter.
I want to spend more time with my children.
I want to spend more time with my family.
I want to spend more time with you.
I want to spend my life with you.
I want to spend some time with my daughter.
I want to spend some time with you.
I want to spend the rest of my life with you.
I want to spend the whole day with you.
I want to spend time with my family.
I want to stay as long as I can.
I want to stay at the Hilton Hotel.
I want to stay here a couple more days.
I want to stay here as long as I can.
I want to stay in a hotel near the airport.
I want to stay in America for a few years.
I want to stay with you until next Monday.
I want to stop this rumor before it goes any further.
I want to summarize the content of the presentation and draw a conclusion.
I want to take a closer look at that.
I want to take a nice long vacation.
I want to take a vacation on a tropical island.
I want to take a year off and travel around the world.
I want to take advantage of the opportunity to speak to the governor.
I want to take part in the next triathlon.
I want to take you out to dinner tonight.
I want to talk to all of them.
I want to talk to both of you.
I want to talk to him about it.
I want to talk to you about last night.
I want to talk to you about something else.
I want to talk to you about the other night.
I want to talk to you about this list.
I want to talk to you about this report.
I want to talk to you about tomorrow.
I want to talk to you after class.
I want to talk to you man to man.
I want to talk with the manager about the schedule.
I want to talk with you when you're dressed.
I want to teach history when I grow up.
I want to tell Mary I love her.
I want to tell you a strange thing.
I want to tell you about my problems.
I want to tell you who did this.
I want to thank all of you for coming here today.
I want to thank everyone who helped me do this.
I want to thank those who helped me.
I want to thank you all for a job well done.
I want to thank you for all you've done.
I want to thank you for helping me.
I want to thank you for what you've done.
I want to thank you for your time.
I want to travel all over the world.
I want to try it. It looks fun.
I want to try my best for as long as I am physically able to.
I want to wait and see what they propose.
I want to wait and see what Tom proposes.
I want to wait for the right moment.
I want to watch what's on TV right now.
I want to work as a volunteer to make amends for everything I've done.
I want to work at my own pace.
I want to write all of this down.
I want to write my girlfriend a love letter in French.
I want Tom to be here for Christmas.
I want Tom to come to Australia for Christmas.
I want Tom to come to Boston for Christmas.
I want Tom to go away and leave me in peace.
I want Tom to go get me something to eat.
I want Tom to have a job that he loves.
I want Tom to take a look at that.
I want us all under one roof again.
I want us to get back together again.
I want very much for you to understand.
I want what's best for both of us.
I want you all to be on your best behavior.
I want you all to be very careful.
I want you all to know I'll never change.
I want you all to know that I'll never change.
I want you and me to be happy.
I want you and Tom to do that together.
I want you focus on the here and now.
I want you in my office in one hour.
I want you out of here by tomorrow.
I want you out of here right now.
I want you to admit you were wrong.
I want you to be by my side.
I want you to be here when I get back.
I want you to be honest with me.
I want you to be my friend again.
I want you to bring it to me.
I want you to call off the fight.
I want you to come and get me.
I want you to come back with me.
I want you to come somewhere with me.
I want you to come to my birthday party.
I want you to come to my wedding.
I want you to come up with a better plan.
I want you to come with us tonight.
I want you to come work for me.
I want you to come work here at our company.
I want you to do it at once.
I want you to do something about it right away.
I want you to do that as soon as possible.
I want you to do that on Monday.
I want you to do that right away.
I want you to do that right now.
I want you to explain it to me in more detail.
I want you to find out about that.
I want you to finish your homework before you start playing games.
I want you to fly to Boston tomorrow.
I want you to get a good night's rest.
I want you to get in your car.
I want you to get me a soda.
I want you to get off my back.
I want you to get out of town.
I want you to get started right away.
I want you to get your own place.
I want you to give each other a hug.
I want you to give me a job.
I want you to give Tom a message.
I want you to give up this stupid plan.
I want you to go and see if it's still there.
I want you to go see a doctor.
I want you to go see the nurse.
I want you to go to Boston with Tom.
I want you to go to the doctor.
I want you to go to your room and lock the door.
I want you to go to your room and pack your things.
I want you to have a copy of this.
I want you to have a job that you love.
I want you to have my land after I die.
I want you to help me choose a book.
I want you to help me clean it up.
I want you to help me find out who stole my car.
I want you to help me get out of here.
I want you to help me this afternoon.
I want you to help me tomorrow afternoon.
I want you to help me with my homework.
I want you to hold this while I open the door.
I want you to keep your eyes open.
I want you to know how sorry I am.
I want you to know I believe you.
I want you to know I did that.
I want you to know I really didn't want to do that.
I want you to know I'll always love you.
I want you to know I'll work very hard.
I want you to know that I believe you.
I want you to know that I can't be there tomorrow.
I want you to know that I meant every word I said.
I want you to know that I really didn't want to do that.
I want you to know that I will work very hard.
I want you to know that I'll always love you.
I want you to know that I'll work very hard.
I want you to know that Tom's important to me.
I want you to know that you can trust me.
I want you to know that you're forgiven.
I want you to know what really happened.
I want you to know what's true and what's not.
I want you to know you can trust me.
I want you to lay back and relax.
I want you to leave my family alone.
I want you to listen to me carefully.
I want you to listen to me very carefully.
I want you to listen to this song.
I want you to look out the window.
I want you to love me for who I am.
I want you to play the guitar for me.
I want you to push against my hand as hard as you can.
I want you to put in a good word for me.
I want you to return the book I lent you the other day.
I want you to return to your seat.
I want you to run to the store for me.
I want you to say you're not going back to Boston.
I want you to see what you've done.
I want you to stay a little longer.
I want you to stay here until I come back.
I want you to stay here until I get back.
I want you to stay here with her.
I want you to stay in Australia at least until Christmas.
I want you to stay in Australia until at least Christmas.
I want you to stay on the beach.
I want you to stay quiet for a few minutes.
I want you to stay right where you are.
I want you to stay where you are.
I want you to stop spoiling the kids.
I want you to take a good look around.
I want you to take a look at this.
I want you to take back what you said just now.
I want you to take care of me.
I want you to take care of Tom for a little while.
I want you to take charge of this operation.
I want you to take me with you.
I want you to take this with you.
I want you to tell me about your trip.
I want you to tell me everything that happened.
I want you to tell me everything you know about that.
I want you to tell me how to do this.
I want you to tell me the truth.
I want you to tell me what to do.
I want you to tell me what you really think of me.
I want you to tell me who did this.
I want you to tell me who gave you that.
I want you to tell me why you did that.
I want you to tell Tom that I love him.
I want you to think about what might happen.
I want you to treat me a little nicer from now on.
I want you to try to do that.
I want you to understand this isn't going to be easy.
I want you to understand what I'm trying to say.
I want you to write to me as soon as you get there.
I want your answer by the end of the day.
I wanted to apologize for what happened yesterday.
I wanted to be the first to congratulate you.
I wanted to buy a book to read on the plane.
I wanted to discuss that subject with you.
I wanted to discuss this with you yesterday, but you didn't seem to want to listen.
I wanted to do something nice for you.
I wanted to do that, but I couldn't.
I wanted to get my mind off work.
I wanted to go back to your village.
I wanted to go outside and get a breath of fresh air.
I wanted to go there with her, but I was too busy.
I wanted to have a beer with you.
I wanted to have a word with you about what happened.
I wanted to help Tom understand what Mary was trying to tell him.
I wanted to help, but I couldn't do anything.
I wanted to help, but there was nothing I could do.
I wanted to hit him, but he ran away from me.
I wanted to know where the voice was coming from.
I wanted to know why you didn't come yesterday.
I wanted to let you know about that, but Tom told me not to say anything.
I wanted to make a few phone calls.
I wanted to make a good first impression.
I wanted to make a reservation at my favorite restaurant, but it's closed on Christmas Eve.
I wanted to make sure it wasn't us who caused the problem.
I wanted to make sure we didn't cause the problem.
I wanted to make sure you were all right.
I wanted to make you feel at home.
I wanted to save this for a special occasion.
I wanted to say something, but I was too scared.
I wanted to say thank you for all your help.
I wanted to say that I was sorry.
I wanted to see as much as I could.
I wanted to see if there really was someone out there.
I wanted to sell Tom my old car.
I wanted to speak in French with Tom.
I wanted to speak to you about this.
I wanted to speak with the store manager.
I wanted to spend more time with Tom.
I wanted to stay in bed all day.
I wanted to talk more, but she just hung up on me.
I wanted to talk to them face to face.
I wanted to talk to you about something.
I wanted to talk to you about what happened.
I wanted to talk to you because I need your help.
I wanted to thank you for helping me.
I wanted to thank you for what you did today.
I wanted to watch that movie with you.
I wanted Tom to come to Australia for Christmas.
I wanted Tom to come to Boston for Christmas.
I wanted Tom to drive me to school.
I wanted you to be proud of me.
I wanted you to have a little fun.
I wanted you to know I'm still your friend.
I wanted you to know that I'm still your friend.
I wanted you to see that I'm not all that bad.
I wanted you to understand what you're up against.
I warmed myself in front of the fireplace.
I was a fool for marrying someone like her.
I was a high school student at that time.
I was a little put out by this.
I was a prison warden for ten years.
I was able to accomplish a lot today.
I was able to answer all the questions.
I was able to answer the question correctly.
I was able to catch the last train because I walked very quickly.
I was able to find out his address.
I was able to find the book I was looking for.
I was able to find the street, but I couldn't find her house.
I was able to finish the work earlier than I had expected.
I was able to get my parents to consent to my marriage.
I was able to play piano very well.
I was able to see the smoke from here.
I was able to succeed because of your advice.
I was able to swim across the river.
I was able to swim well when I was a child.
I was about to ask you the same question.
I was about to go look for you.
I was about to go out when he called on me.
I was about to go out when he came to see me.
I was about to go out when the phone rang.
I was about to leave for work when the telephone rang.
I was about to leave my house when she called.
I was about to leave when the doorbell rang.
I was about to leave when the phone rang.
I was about to leave when you telephoned.
I was about to suggest the same thing.
I was absent from school because I had a cold.
I was absent from school because I was sick.
I was accosted by a complete stranger at the bus stop.
I was accused of eating the boss's lunch.
I was aching to tell her the secret.
I was afraid because it was very dark.
I was afraid I was going to lose you.
I was afraid I wouldn't have the pleasure of meeting you.
I was afraid I'd never see you again.
I was afraid of being put into a closet.
I was afraid of getting lost in the dark.
I was afraid of what people would think.
I was afraid that I might be mugged.
I was afraid that I might chicken out.
I was afraid that I might get injured.
I was afraid that I might hurt his feelings.
I was afraid that I was going to lose you.
I was afraid that you wouldn't remember me.
I was afraid to do that by myself.
I was allowed to go there on condition that I came back by five o'clock.
I was allowed to take a week off.
I was almost afraid to talk to you.
I was amazed at the fluency with which the boy spoke French.
I was an accountant before I became a teacher.
I was angry with myself for making so many mistakes.
I was arrested for aiding in his escape.
I was asked by my uncle what I intended to be when I graduated from college.
I was asked to give you a message.
I was asked to show my passport at the border.
I was at a loss as to what to say.
I was at home almost all day yesterday.
I was at the hospital a couple of days ago.
I was at the right place at the right time.
I was attacked and robbed on my way home.
I was banking on him to help me.
I was beaten up by a gang of hoodlums on the way home from work.
I was beaten while I was in prison.
I was bitten by a lot of insects in the forest.
I was bitten in the leg by that dog.
I was bored, so I wandered around town.
I was born and brought up in Tokyo.
I was born in Boston, but I was brought up in Chicago.
I was born in Osaka, but brought up in Tokyo.
I was born in Tokyo on the eighth of January in 1950.
I was born on the twenty-second of June in 1974.
I was born the same day as my dog.
I was born the year my grandfather died.
I was born the year the war ended.
I was called out to the scene of the accident.
I was careful not to say anything to make him angry.
I was careful to not leave any evidence.
I was caught in a downpour and got soaked to the bone.
I was caught in a shower and got drenched to the skin.
I was caught in a shower and got wet to the skin.
I was caught in a shower on my way home from school.
I was caught in a shower on my way home yesterday.
I was caught in a shower on my way home.
I was caught in the rain and got wet.
I was caught in the rain on my way home.
I was chained to the desk all day.
I was chosen to sing the national anthem.
I was cold, so I put on a sweater.
I was curious to know why people had been staring at me.
I was curious to see what was inside.
I was cut off while I was speaking.
I was deceived by a person who I had thought was a friend of mine.
I was deeply affected when I heard of his death.
I was dialing his number just as he walked through the door.
I was disappointed to see that my bonus was a bit less than I was expecting.
I was disappointed when I heard that you couldn't come.
I was dog-tired when I got home last night.
I was doing an impersonation of my boss when he showed up.
I was doing my homework when Tom came in.
I was eating lunch when the phone rang.
I was embarrassed when he talked to me.
I was excited and nervous at the same time.
I was exhausted when I got home last night.
I was flat on my back for a week with a terrible cold.
I was forced to drink against my will.
I was fortunate to find a good job.
I was given a nice watch by my uncle.
I was given this watch by my uncle.
I was glad to hear of your success.
I was glad to see my old friends.
I was going out, when the telephone rang.
I was going to ask Tom to do that.
I was going to ask you the same thing.
I was going to buy a new table, but my husband fixed the broken leg.
I was going to run over the notes one last time, but there wasn't time.
I was going to suggest the following possibility.
I was going to write to you, but I forgot.
I was going to write to you, but I started doing other things and forgot.
I was happy to wake up to the aroma of coffee brewing.
I was here at 10 sharp, but you weren't.
I was home for a couple of days.
I was hoping for a little more support.
I was hoping I could go back to the beach next weekend.
I was hoping I wouldn't have to work on Sunday.
I was hoping that you could do it for me.
I was hoping that you wouldn't do that.
I was hoping that you'd know the answer.
I was hoping to raise my kids in Boston.
I was hoping we could still be friends.
I was hoping you could do it for me.
I was hot, so I switched on the fan.
I was in a better mood three hours ago.
I was in a hurry to get home.
I was in bed all day long yesterday.
I was in Boston last week with my wife.
I was in Boston the night Tom was murdered.
I was in London most of the summer.
I was in such a hurry that I forgot to lock the door.
I was in the bath when the phone rang.
I was in the hospital a few days ago.
I was in the hospital for a few days.
I was in the hospital for a week.
I was in the right place at the right time.
I was in the shower, so I didn't hear the phone.
I was in the wrong place at the wrong time.
I was just about to come looking for you.
I was just about to go out shopping when you telephoned.
I was just about to go out when it started raining.
I was just about to go out when the phone rang.
I was just about to go out, when the bell rang.
I was just about to go to bed when he phoned me.
I was just about to go to bed.
I was just about to leave the house when the telephone rang.
I was just about to leave when it started raining.
I was just about to say the same thing.
I was just doing what had to be done.
I was just going to call a cab.
I was just going to write a letter.
I was just in the right place at the right time.
I was just in time for the last train.
I was just kidding when I said that.
I was just on my way to see you.
I was just thinking of a new job.
I was just trying to stop the fight.
I was just wondering how it would feel to be punched in the stomach.
I was just wondering how you guys ever got talking about this topic.
I was just wondering if you have any experiences you would like to share with us.
I was just wondering if you have been able to find a place to live.
I was just wondering what kind of pets you have at home.
I was just wondering what languages you can speak.
I was kept waiting for nearly half an hour.
I was kept waiting nearly half an hour.
I was kicked out of class by the teacher.
I was kind of expecting that to happen.
I was kind of surprised to see Tom there.
I was late because I had a flat tire.
I was late because my car broke down.
I was late for the meeting because of a traffic jam.
I was late, so I missed my flight.
I was leaving home when Tom telephoned me.
I was leaving home, when it started to rain.
I was letting the water out of the bathtub.
I was living in Boston a few years ago.
I was looking for a pair of scissors.
I was lucky enough to get a good seat.
I was lucky that I got treated by a good doctor.
I was lucky that I was able to find a good babysitter.
I was lucky that the train was late. Otherwise I would've missed it.
I was lucky the train was late. Otherwise, I would've missed it.
I was lucky to be there on time.
I was meaning to ask you about that.
I was more than a little shocked by this.
I was moved by her love for other people.
I was moved to tears by her speech.
I was moved to tears by the story.
I was nearly ten when my parents gave me a chemistry set for Christmas.
I was nervous at first, but gradually got more relaxed.
I was never told that I needed a visa.
I was never told that I was supposed to be at that meeting.
I was nine years old when I asked my mom if Santa Claus really existed.
I was offered the choice of tea or coffee.
I was often at odds with my parents.
I was on my way to see you.
I was on the spot when he had a heart attack.
I was one of the last to leave.
I was only paid a measly two dollars.
I was planning on going to the beach today, but then it started to rain.
I was planning to call him, but changed my mind and didn't.
I was planning to do my homework, but I fell asleep.
I was planning to go there by bike, but it rained.
I was playing a game when I felt an earthquake.
I was pretty surprised Tom wanted to do that.
I was probably thirty years old at that time.
I was pulled over by a policeman on a motorcycle.
I was puzzled about what to do next.
I was quick tempered when I was young.
I was quite at a loss for words.
I was reading a letter when he entered.
I was really hurt by what you said.
I was really tired so I went to bed early.
I was really young when I met you.
I was relieved to hear that he was safe.
I was rereading the letters you sent to me.
I was right on the spot when it happened.
I was robbed of my wallet by the man sitting next to me.
I was saved as if by a miracle.
I was saving this piece of cake for you.
I was scared of what people would think.
I was scared that you might leave me.
I was scared to ask questions because I didn't want to look stupid.
I was scared to be alone in the dark.
I was scolded by my mother for being lazy.
I was searching for something that didn't exist.
I was shocked to hear what was happening.
I was sick, so I couldn't go to the concert.
I was sick, so I didn't go to school.
I was sitting next to a man who clearly had a lot on his mind.
I was so afraid that no one would ask me to dance.
I was so excited that I couldn't fall asleep.
I was so hungry that I ate it.
I was so nervous I almost threw up.
I was so sure this was what I wanted.
I was starting to think that you'd forgotten.
I was still eating when the doorbell rang.
I was still in a state of shock.
I was still living with my parents then.
I was sure that you'd change your mind.
I was surprised at the news of his sudden death.
I was surprised because my husband actually ate some of our wedding cake.
I was surprised by the news this morning.
I was surprised to see so many people at the concert.
I was surprised when Tom told me he didn't need to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me he loved me.
I was surprised when Tom told me that he loved me.
I was taken in by his good looks and gracious manners.
I was taking a shower, so I didn't hear the phone.
I was the last to leave the office.
I was the one who built this doghouse.
I was the one who had to make it happen.
I was the one who knocked on the door.
I was the one who said we should wait.
I was the only one at the meeting who didn't think that was a good idea.
I was the only one not invited to the party.
I was the worst student in the class.
I was thinking about buying a new camera.
I was thinking about going to that new place on Park Street.
I was thinking about what she had said to me.
I was thinking of buying a new car.
I was thirteen or fourteen at the time.
I was thirteen years old at that time.
I was thrown out of the house with everything I owned.
I was tired so I went to bed.
I was tired today so I went to bed early.
I was to have finished the work yesterday.
I was told that I needed to get enough sleep.
I was told that I should see a doctor.
I was told that it's dangerous to swim here.
I was told that we have to bring our own water.
I was told that we have until 2:30.
I was told to wait for a while.
I was too embarrassed to look her in the eye.
I was too shy to look her in the face.
I was too tired to go on working.
I was too tired to walk any more.
I was trying to save as much money as possible.
I was trying to say something when you so rudely interrupted.
I was trying to tell him what had really happened, but he cut me short.
I was unable to attend the party, nor did I want to.
I was unable to breathe because of the smoke.
I was unable to go to his birthday party.
I was unable to look her in the face.
I was unable to write down the number of the car.
I was unwilling to agree to the proposal, but it seemed that I had no choice.
I was up all night working on that.
I was up all night writing this report.
I was very chubby when I was a child.
I was very chubby when I was a kid.
I was very disconcerted to find that everyone else already knew it.
I was very glad to hear the news.
I was very happy when I heard that news.
I was very ill at ease with those people.
I was very shy when I was a child.
I was very shy when I was a kid.
I was very sleepy and fell asleep right away.
I was very surprised to see students cleaning their classroom after school.
I was very tired so I went to bed early.
I was very tired, but I was nevertheless unable to sleep.
I was very tired, so I fell asleep right away.
I was very tired, so I went to bed early.
I was waiting for you to get back.
I was waiting for you to say that.
I was watching television when the telephone rang.
I was watching TV at this time yesterday.
I was watching TV when the telephone rang.
I was with Tom from 8:30 to 2:30.
I was woken up by the dog's barking.
I was wondering if I could borrow your newspaper.
I was wondering if I could take a vacation next week.
I was wondering if you can speak French.
I was wondering if you could help me.
I was wondering if you were free tomorrow.
I was wondering if you were going to show up today.
I was wondering if you were still here.
I was wondering if you would like to go to the dance with me.
I was wondering when you were going to tell me that.
I was wondering when you were going to tell me you loved me.
I was young and I needed the money.
I was your babysitter when you were a kid.
I wash my hair every time I take a shower.
I washed my hands with soap and water.
I wasn't able to believe him at first.
I wasn't able to buy what I wanted.
I wasn't able to come because of the rain.
I wasn't able to do everything I wanted to.
I wasn't able to get my car started.
I wasn't able to move the desk by myself.
I wasn't able to remember the title of that song.
I wasn't able to take care of Tom.
I wasn't able to work for three weeks.
I wasn't as nervous as I thought I'd be.
I wasn't aware of what was going on.
I wasn't aware that someone was watching me.
I wasn't aware that Tom was unhappy here.
I wasn't aware that you were feeling so bad.
I wasn't aware that you were so ill.
I wasn't expecting that to happen at all.
I wasn't expecting you to be here today.
I wasn't fat when I was a kid.
I wasn't in time for school this morning.
I wasn't lying when I said that I loved you.
I wasn't on time for school this morning.
I wasn't overweight when I was a kid.
I wasn't ready for what was about to happen.
I wasn't really in the mood to go out.
I wasn't supposed to help my son do his homework, but I did.
I wasn't sure if I was going to make it.
I wasn't the one who cut Tom's hair.
I wasn't the one who paid the bill.
I wasn't the one who pulled the trigger.
I wasn't the only Canadian on the bus.
I wasn't the only one to do so.
I wasn't the only one who didn't know Tom.
I wasn't the only one who looked stupid.
I wasn't the only one who was late.
I wasn't very athletic when I was young.
I watch the evening news while I eat dinner.
I watched a movie in French with English subtitles.
I watched a movie with my friend in my room.
I watched baseball on TV after I finished my homework.
I watched the game from beginning to end.
I watched the game from start to finish.
I watched this movie last night and I really liked it.
I watched TV after I washed the dishes.
I water our lawn several times a week.
I water the flowers in the garden every day.
I wear a suit, but not a tie.
I wear my old coat in weather like this.
I went by bus as far as London.
I went downstairs and turned off the light.
I went fishing this morning, but didn't catch anything.
I went fishing with my brother in the river.
I went for a drive in the country.
I went for a walk early in the morning.
I went for a walk in the park.
I went for a walk to try to sober up.
I went for a walk with my son.
I went home in order to change my clothes.
I went into the town in search of a good restaurant.
I went on vacation, and my plants are still alive.
I went out even though it was raining.
I went out for a beer with my friends.
I went out in spite of the rain.
I went out of my way to visit my friend, but he wasn't at home.
I went skiing a lot as a kid.
I went skiing for the first time this winter.
I went snorkeling in a beautiful coral reef.
I went there early to get a good seat.
I went there for the express purpose of earning money.
I went to bed a little earlier than usual.
I went to bed a little later than usual.
I went to bed after preparing everything in advance.
I went to bed at twelve last night.
I went to bed early because I was tired.
I went to bed early last night because I was really tired.
I went to Boston for 5 days on a business trip.
I went to drink a beer with friends.
I went to Europe by way of Anchorage.
I went to every modern art show that took place in Tokyo last year.
I went to get the file you asked for.
I went to her house, but she was not at home.
I went to his house at 3 o'clock, but he was out.
I went to Italy for the second time in 1980.
I went to school on foot in those days.
I went to see a movie with Tom after school.
I went to see a movie with Tom after work.
I went to see his sister last week.
I went to sleep as soon as I got home.
I went to the airport to meet my father.
I went to the airport to see him off.
I went to the bank to take out money.
I went to the hospital to have my eyes tested.
I went to the hospital to see my mother.
I went to the hospital to see my uncle.
I went to the hospital to see my wife.
I went to the hospital to see Tom.
I went to the kitchen to get something to eat.
I went to the lawyer for legal help.
I went to the library to read a book.
I went to the library to read books.
I went to the mall with my friends.
I went to the movies with my brother.
I went to the park to play tennis.
I went to the park with Mary yesterday.
I went to the post office to buy some stamps.
I went to the post office to send a package.
I went to the restroom during the intermission.
I went to the same school as Tom.
I went to the scene of the crime.
I went to the supermarket and bought a bag of rice.
I went to the theater early so I could get a good seat.
I went to the theater early to get a good seat.
I went to Vienna for the first time last year.
I went to visit my grandfather's grave today.
I went up to my bedroom on tiptoe.
I will accept the work, provided you help me.
I will ask him about it tomorrow, then.
I will ask him where he went last Sunday.
I will badly miss you if you leave Japan.
I will be able to pass the test.
I will be expecting a letter from her.
I will be glad to help you anytime.
I will be here from Monday to Thursday.
I will be in high school next April.
I will be studying when you come at seven.
I will be through with the book in no time.
I will be very happy to accept your invitation.
I will be waiting for you in my room.
I will buy a watch at the store.
I will call in order to confirm it.
I will come on Wednesday evening unless I hear from you to the contrary.
I will come to your country some day.
I will come up with a solution to the problem.
I will devote my life to the study of history.
I will do all I can for you.
I will do everything within my power to help you.
I will do it on the condition that you help me.
I will do that work on condition that I get paid for it.
I will do the shopping for her birthday.
I will do whatever I think is right.
I will do whatever you tell me to do.
I will explain the situation to you later on.
I will finish the work in five days.
I will finish this work by 5 o'clock.
I will forgive him out of consideration for you.
I will get him to come and help me.
I will get in touch with you next week.
I will get the work done in a week.
I will get through with my homework before he comes.
I will get you a bike for your birthday.
I will give a bunch of flowers to my girlfriend.
I will give these tickets to whoever wants them.
I will give this book to whoever wants it.
I will give you a bicycle for your birthday.
I will give you a bike for your birthday.
I will give you a call as soon as I get home.
I will give you half of my ice cream.
I will give you this bicycle as a birthday present.
I will give you what help I can.
I will give you what little money I have.
I will go along with you as far as the station.
I will go and take a look at the house.
I will go cycling even if it rains.
I will go even if it rains tomorrow.
I will go out after I finish my homework.
I will go out if it is fine tomorrow.
I will go there even if it rains.
I will go there on foot or by bicycle next time.
I will go to New York next week.
I will go when they come back here.
I will go with you after I have eaten my lunch.
I will go, provided the weather is clear.
I will have finished my homework by Tuesday.
I will have finished the work before you return.
I will have finished the work by next week.
I will have finished the work by noon.
I will have finished the work by seven this evening.
I will have graduated from college by the time you come back from America.
I will have left here before you return.
I will have lived here for ten years next month.
I will have obtained a driver's license by the end of the year.
I will have spent all this money in three months.
I will have to be away for some time.
I will have to get rid of this worn-out carpet.
I will help him no matter what you say.
I will help you when I have finished my work.
I will keep on smoking no matter what you say.
I will leave as soon as the bell rings.
I will lend you whatever book you need.
I will look after your cat while you are away.
I will look it up in the dictionary.
I will make a new suit for you.
I will make a note in my notebook.
I will make every effort to get it.
I will make up for the lost time by studying as hard as I can.
I will meet you at the station at 10 a.m.
I will never force you to marry him.
I will never forget the day when I first met him.
I will never forget your kindness as long as I live.
I will never tell a lie from now on.
I will not allow you to use my pen.
I will not be able to open the box without breaking it.
I will pay my debt as soon as possible.
I will pick him up at the station.
I will provide you all the necessary information.
I will return the book as soon as I can.
I will see him after I get back.
I will see him at the first opportunity.
I will see to it that everything is ready in time.
I will see to it that you meet her at the party.
I will send it by email this afternoon.
I will send you a copy of this picture as soon as I can.
I will show you how to go to the park.
I will show you how to solve it.
I will side with you just this once.
I will speak to her about it directly.
I will stay here for a short period.
I will take care of you when you are old.
I will take such action as seems necessary.
I will take the one that is more expensive.
I will teach you how to fish next Sunday.
I will teach you how to play chess.
I will teach you how to skate next Sunday.
I will teach you to program, but not today.
I will tell her what to say at the meeting.
I will tell him about it when he comes next time.
I will tell him so when he comes back.
I will tell him the news as soon as I see him.
I will tell it to him at the proper time.
I will try to live up to your expectations.
I will visit my uncle in Kyoto this summer.
I will wait for you at the bus stop.
I will wait here until he comes back.
I will wait till you have written the letter.
I will wait until you have finished your homework.
I will write down your name and address.
I will write letters to you as often as I can.
I wish all my problems would go away.
I wish he had gone on to university.
I wish he would make up his mind one way or other.
I wish him the very best in his future endeavors.
I wish I could afford to buy a car like that.
I wish I could be as rich as you.
I wish I could be in Paris now.
I wish I could be more optimistic, but I don't think things will get better soon.
I wish I could be the man you want me to be.
I wish I could do more to help.
I wish I could do more, but I don't know what else I could do.
I wish I could do something to help.
I wish I could do that, but I can't.
I wish I could explain to you how important this is to me.
I wish I could fall asleep that quickly.
I wish I could figure out how to delete my Facebook account.
I wish I could figure out how to embed a YouTube video.
I wish I could figure out how to get more people to visit my website.
I wish I could figure out how to make more money.
I wish I could go back in time.
I wish I could go to the concert.
I wish I could go to the party with you.
I wish I could go with you, but as it is, I can't.
I wish I could have more time to study.
I wish I could help you, but I can't.
I wish I could live in a house like this.
I wish I could live in a house that nice.
I wish I could live near your house.
I wish I could make up for lost time.
I wish I could play the guitar as well as you do.
I wish I could remember where I left my umbrella.
I wish I could sing as well as Tom does.
I wish I could sing as well as Tom.
I wish I could speak French as well as Tom.
I wish I could speak French as well as you do.
I wish I could speak French as well as you.
I wish I could spend more time with friends.
I wish I could spend more time with my family.
I wish I could take back all those terrible things I said about you last night.
I wish I could take back what I said.
I wish I could tell you the reason, but I can't.
I wish I could travel around the world.
I wish I could write as well as Tom.
I wish I could've eaten at that restaurant with you.
I wish I could've spent more time with my father before he died.
I wish I didn't have to help with the housework.
I wish I didn't have to tell you this.
I wish I had a couple of bottles of good wine.
I wish I had a cushy office job with a nice salary.
I wish I had a friend like you.
I wish I had a good French dictionary.
I wish I had a little more time to finish this.
I wish I had a reason not to go.
I wish I had a reason not to stay.
I wish I had a room of my own.
I wish I had a roommate to hang out with.
I wish I had a son like that.
I wish I had a wine cellar in my basement.
I wish I had an answer for you.
I wish I had as much money as you.
I wish I had asked you for advice.
I wish I had been there with you.
I wish I had been with her then.
I wish I had eaten at that restaurant before it burned down.
I wish I had eaten lunch before I came here.
I wish I had enough money to buy a car.
I wish I had enough money to buy a house like that.
I wish I had followed the doctor's advice.
I wish I had had a camera then.
I wish I had had my seat belt on.
I wish I had known about this when I was a kid.
I wish I had known how to do it.
I wish I had known what you were looking for.
I wish I had married your sister instead of you.
I wish I had more money with me.
I wish I had more time to spend with friends.
I wish I had more time to talk to you.
I wish I had more time to talk with her.
I wish I had studied English harder when I was young.
I wish I had studied harder for the test.
I wish I had the courage to do that.
I wish I had the will power to stay on a diet.
I wish I had the will power to stop eating junk food.
I wish I had time for a girlfriend.
I wish I had time to do that.
I wish I hadn't told Tom about what we did.
I wish I hadn't tried driving home after I had drunk so much.
I wish I knew how to help you.
I wish I knew how to play tennis.
I wish I knew how to play the trombone.
I wish I knew the answer to this question.
I wish I knew what happened to all our family photos.
I wish I knew what I should say.
I wish I knew what you're looking for.
I wish I were as smart as you are.
I wish I were as young as you.
I wish I were rich enough to buy a car like that.
I wish I'd been born into a rich family.
I wish I'd had more time to talk.
I wish I'd made better use of my time.
I wish I'd planted more lettuce this year.
I wish I'd studied harder when I was young.
I wish it was as simple as that.
I wish it weren't true, but it is.
I wish more people felt the same way.
I wish my children were as well behaved as yours.
I wish my French was as good as your English.
I wish my girlfriend would spend more time with me.
I wish my wife wouldn't complain so much.
I wish none of this had ever happened.
I wish nothing but the best for you.
I wish people would stop staring at me.
I wish she would stop playing that stupid music.
I wish somebody would help me do that.
I wish somebody would tell me what to do.
I wish someone would do that for me.
I wish someone would help me do that.
I wish that I could do more to help.
I wish that I could give you something.
I wish that I could give you the money you need.
I wish that I could go to Australia with Tom.
I wish that I could speak French as well as Tom.
I wish that I could speak French as well as you do.
I wish that I could speak French as well as you.
I wish that I could've eaten at that restaurant with you.
I wish that I could've spent more time with my father before he died.
I wish that my French was as good as your English.
I wish that my wife wouldn't complain so much.
I wish that noise would stop. It gets on my nerves.
I wish that Tom was here to help us.
I wish that Tom were here to help us.
I wish that Tom would join our team.
I wish that Tom would stay in Australia until Christmas.
I wish that we could spend more time together.
I wish that you could stay a little longer.
I wish that you had told me when to come.
I wish that you were here with me.
I wish the fedora would come back in style.
I wish the subway wasn't so crowded every morning.
I wish there was more I could've done.
I wish there were a better translation of this book.
I wish there were a French translation of this book.
I wish there were a more modern translation of this book.
I wish there were more hours in the day.
I wish there were more people like you.
I wish there were some cute guys in my class.
I wish they'd be honest and admit they don't know what's going to happen.
I wish to apply for a position in your company.
I wish to be alone for a couple of hours.
I wish to be alone for a while.
I wish to go to Paris to study art.
I wish to have a word with you.
I wish to live in a big city.
I wish to speak with you in private.
I wish Tom could've been with us today.
I wish Tom could've come to my concert.
I wish Tom hadn't told Mary about that.
I wish Tom would spend more time at home.
I wish Tom would stay in Australia until Christmas.
I wish Tom would stay in Boston until Christmas.
I wish Tom wouldn't keep telling everyone I'm his brother.
I wish we could ask Tom that question.
I wish we could get out of here.
I wish we could have met under better circumstances.
I wish we could hear what Tom is saying.
I wish we could offer you some help.
I wish we could settle this like adults.
I wish we could spend more time together.
I wish we didn't have to do that.
I wish we'd bought another bottle of wine.
I wish you both a lifetime of happiness.
I wish you both all the happiness in the world.
I wish you could be a little quieter.
I wish you could drop in at my house on your way home.
I wish you could have come with me.
I wish you could stay a little longer.
I wish you did not have so many problems.
I wish you had done what I asked you to do.
I wish you had not told him about the plan.
I wish you had told me the truth then.
I wish you had told me the truth.
I wish you had told me what to do.
I wish you had told me when to come.
I wish you hadn't told the story to my mother.
I wish you were here with me now.
I wish you were wrong, but I know that you're right.
I wish you were wrong, but I know you're right.
I wish you would do as you're told.
I wish you would make a list of the newly published books.
I wish you would shut the door when you go out.
I wish you would take me to a restaurant for a change.
I wish you would tell me what I ought to do in this difficult situation.
I wish you'd let me use your car.
I wish you'd stop calling me a liar.
I wish you'd told me that a bit earlier.
I withdrew some money from the bank for my trip.
I woke up in the middle of the night.
I woke up the next day with a hangover.
I woke up this morning with a headache.
I woke up three times during the night.
I woke up with a crick in my neck.
I woke up with a headache again this morning.
I woke up with a headache this morning.
I won a prize in the spelling competition.
I wonder how I'll pay the rent this month.
I wonder how long it's going to take.
I wonder how long we'll have to wait.
I wonder how many girlfriends Tom has had.
I wonder how many horses died during the Civil War.
I wonder how many people are in the park.
I wonder how many people in Australia can speak French.
I wonder how many people saw Tom doing that.
I wonder how much time we've wasted so far.
I wonder how much we'll have to pay.
I wonder if a human will ever be cloned.
I wonder if anybody knows how to do this.
I wonder if exchange students can join this club.
I wonder if he can reserve the flight for me.
I wonder if he enjoyed the last match.
I wonder if he will stand by me when I am in trouble.
I wonder if he will win both races.
I wonder if I can do it again.
I wonder if I really should do that.
I wonder if I should really become a teacher.
I wonder if I should talk to her about the problem.
I wonder if I should trust my instincts.
I wonder if it really was a coincidence.
I wonder if it will clear up tomorrow.
I wonder if it would be dangerous to do that.
I wonder if my efforts will pay off.
I wonder if my life is worth living.
I wonder if Prince William lets anyone call him Bill.
I wonder if she'll accept a belated birthday present.
I wonder if someone could help me do this.
I wonder if there really is a Santa Claus.
I wonder if there'll be more snow this year than last year.
I wonder if there's a market for something like that.
I wonder if they have a rope ladder.
I wonder if this milk is still good.
I wonder if Tom can figure out how to do that.
I wonder if Tom ever took Mary up on her offer.
I wonder if Tom has a rope ladder.
I wonder if Tom has one I could borrow.
I wonder if Tom is still eating lunch.
I wonder if Tom is trying to kill me.
I wonder if Tom knows how busy I am.
I wonder if Tom knows Mary's phone number.
I wonder if Tom knows what Mary did.
I wonder if Tom lied to us about that.
I wonder if Tom misses me when I'm gone.
I wonder if Tom will ask for my help.
I wonder if Tom will tell Mary the truth.
I wonder if Tom would let me leave early today.
I wonder if Tom would like to play poker with us.
I wonder if we forgot to tell Tom to do that.
I wonder if we'll have to do that.
I wonder if what I wrote was correct.
I wonder if you could do me a favor.
I wonder if you could get me another beer.
I wonder if you could tell me if there is a post office in this area.
I wonder if you could tell me what should be done.
I wonder if you ever think of me.
I wonder if you have ever considered going to a specialist.
I wonder if you have something to write with.
I wonder if you'd mind lending me your car for a couple of days.
I wonder what all of them have in common.
I wonder what caused your computer to crash.
I wonder what could be in the box.
I wonder what could have made him change his mind.
I wonder what happened between Tom and Mary.
I wonder what happens if I press this button.
I wonder what has made him change his mind.
I wonder what I should make for dinner.
I wonder what I'll do once I get home.
I wonder what I'll find in the box.
I wonder what it feels like to be rich.
I wonder what the average weight of a strawberry is.
I wonder what the future has in store for us.
I wonder what the next question will be.
I wonder what the weather will be like tomorrow.
I wonder what the weather will be tomorrow.
I wonder what Tom ate for his Christmas dinner.
I wonder what Tom would do in a situation like this.
I wonder what we need to do next.
I wonder what your friend Tom is doing now.
I wonder what's going to happen to us.
I wonder when the movie's going to start.
I wonder when they'll come out with a cell phone in a wrist watch.
I wonder where to hang the picture he gave me.
I wonder where to hang this picture that Tom gave me.
I wonder where Tom learned how to do that.
I wonder whether a man could live with only two hours' sleep a night.
I wonder whether a person can live on only two hours of sleep a night.
I wonder whether I have to do that or not.
I wonder whether I need to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not I have to do that.
I wonder whether or not I need to do that.
I wonder whether or not I should go.
I wonder whether or not there really is a Santa Claus.
I wonder whether or not this milk is still good.
I wonder whether or not Tom is alive.
I wonder whether or not Tom will have to do that.
I wonder whether there really is a Santa Claus.
I wonder whether there'll be more snow this year than last year.
I wonder whether Tom can swim or not.
I wonder whether Tom could help us solve this problem.
I wonder whether Tom has a rope ladder.
I wonder whether Tom prefers coffee or tea.
I wonder whether Tom will go to Boston or Chicago next summer.
I wonder whether Tom will really get here on time.
I wonder whether Tom will sign the contract.
I wonder whether Tom will talk to Mary.
I wonder whether Tom will tell Mary the truth.
I wonder whether we could talk Tom into doing that.
I wonder whether we'll have to do that.
I wonder whether we're really ready to do that.
I wonder who will help Tom decorate the Christmas tree.
I wonder why eggs are sold by the dozen.
I wonder why I didn't think of that.
I wonder why I feel so lonely when it gets cold.
I wonder why it's so crowded here today.
I wonder why no one tells the truth.
I wonder why people always want to know the truth.
I wonder why so many of these nails are bent.
I wonder why some people think black cats are unlucky.
I wonder why tennis is played in mini-skirts.
I wonder why the police didn't find the gun.
I wonder why there are so many people here today.
I wonder why they left my name off the list.
I wonder why Tom gave this to me.
I wonder why Tom never calls me anymore.
I wonder why Tom sang that song, even though Mary asked him not to.
I wonder why Tom thinks Mary has to do that.
I wonder why Tom was in my room.
I wonder why Tom won't talk to me anymore.
I wonder why we play tennis in miniskirts.
I wonder why women live longer than men.
I wondered if I could do such a thing.
I wondered what time the concert would begin.
I won't allow Tom to do that again.
I won't allow you to date my sister.
I won't always be around to help you.
I won't be able to attend the conference.
I won't be able to attend your wedding.
I won't be able to do it by myself.
I won't be able to eat all this.
I won't be able to fix this without my tools.
I won't be able to help you today.
I won't be away for more than two or three hours.
I won't be getting married this year. In fact, I may never get married.
I won't be pressured into doing something I don't want to do.
I won't be ready to do that until Monday.
I won't be spending Christmas with my family.
I won't divorce you unless you give me a good reason.
I won't do that unless you want me to.
I won't go to all the meetings, but I'll try to go to some of them.
I won't go to Tom's party even if he invites me.
I won't go with you unless you tell me where we're going.
I won't have enough time for everything I want to do.
I won't have time to do that today.
I won't have to go there by myself.
I won't let anything bad happen to you.
I won't let you boss me around anymore.
I won't make the same mistake next time.
I won't put up with this any longer.
I won't quit, no matter what you say.
I won't repeat anything you say to me.
I won't take up any more of your time.
I won't take up much of your time.
I won't tell you why I did that.
I wore a coat so I wouldn't catch a cold.
I wore a hat yesterday because it was very cold.
I wore black pants and a white T-shirt yesterday.
I wore out two pairs of jogging shoes last year.
I work as a carpenter in a furniture factory.
I work better alone than in a group.
I work from nine to five every day.
I work on the other side of town.
I work so that my children can eat.
I worked as a piano tuner for many years.
I worked as hard as I could so I didn't fail.
I worked hard all day, so I was very tired.
I worked hard in order to support my family.
I worked in a post office during the summer vacation.
I worked on a farm when I was younger.
I worked on Sunday, so I had Monday off.
I worked up a good sweat at the gym.
I worry about whether I'll be a good father.
I would advise you strongly to do what the boss asked you to do.
I would also like to rent a car.
I would appreciate a reply as soon as possible.
I would appreciate any information you can send to us.
I would buy it if it weren't so expensive.
I would buy it, except that it costs too much.
I would buy this watch, except it's too expensive.
I would consider Boston a very big city.
I would do anything to get a job.
I would do it again if I had to.
I would give anything to win her back.
I would hate to become just a housewife.
I would have bought that car if I'd had the money.
I would just like to thank all of you for your work.
I would lay down my life for you.
I would like a large slice of cake and a cup of coffee.
I would like a steak and a mixed salad.
I would like for him to write more often.
I would like my breakfast in my room at eight o'clock sharp.
I would like to ask a favor of you.
I would like to be a pilot in the future.
I would like to be an English teacher.
I would like to become a top model and travel all over the world.
I would like to call on you one of these days.
I would like to chat with you by e-mail.
I would like to clarify a few things.
I would like to do something else today.
I would like to exchange this dress that I bought yesterday.
I would like to express my gratitude to her.
I would like to get to know you better.
I would like to give him a present for his birthday.
I would like to go and get my stuff.
I would like to have a cup of coffee.
I would like to have a look at your collection of stamps.
I would like to have this car repaired as soon as possible.
I would like to hear your voice, too.
I would like to improve my English pronunciation.
I would like to improve my French pronunciation.
I would like to know how these substances are absorbed by the body.
I would like to know how you will proceed in this matter.
I would like to live in a castle.
I would like to make a phone call.
I would like to marry somebody like her.
I would like to open a checking account.
I would like to read some books about Lincoln.
I would like to repay him for his kindness.
I would like to retract my previous statement.
I would like to see Tom once more.
I would like to sit in the non-smoking section.
I would like to talk to him face to face.
I would like to talk with you about this matter.
I would like to talk with you again.
I would like to thank you for your collaboration.
I would like to try this dress on.
I would like to walk along the river.
I would like to work with your company.
I would like you to answer my questions.
I would like you to come with me.
I would like you to go instead of me.
I would like you to introduce me to her.
I would like you to sing a song.
I would like you to stay with me.
I would love to go to the dance with you.
I would never consider building a house in this area.
I would never forgive myself if anything happened to you.
I would never have done such a thing.
I would never have guessed that Tom couldn't swim.
I would not part with it for the whole world.
I would prefer any alternative to a lawsuit.
I would probably have done the same thing.
I would rather die than live in dishonor.
I would rather feed my dog before we eat.
I would rather go to the art museum than to the movie theater.
I would rather go to the mountains than to the beach.
I would rather have a cat than a dog.
I would rather starve than work under him.
I would rather stay at home than go out in the rain.
I would rather stay at home than go out on such a cold day.
I would rather stay at home than go out.
I would rather stay at home than go to the movies tonight.
I would rather throw the money away than give it to him.
I would rather walk than go by taxi.
I would rather you came on Friday than on Thursday.
I would really like to explore this cave.
I would sooner die than get up early every morning.
I would stay here with you if I could.
I would think you have other things to keep you busy.
I would very much appreciate receiving a copy of the book.
I wouldn't ask this of you if it weren't important.
I wouldn't bank on it if I were you.
I wouldn't be too surprised if this song became a hit.
I wouldn't bet on that if I were you.
I wouldn't do it if I were you.
I wouldn't do it that way if I were you.
I wouldn't do that for all the money in the world.
I wouldn't do that if I were you.
I wouldn't dream of letting you do that.
I wouldn't drink that if I were you.
I wouldn't have asked you to come if it weren't absolutely necessary.
I wouldn't have done that if I were you.
I wouldn't have done that if you hadn't told me to.
I wouldn't have sung that song if I'd known it would make Tom cry.
I wouldn't like to work in a hospital.
I wouldn't tell Tom about that if I were you.
I wouldn't tell Tom anything if I were you.
I wouldn't touch that if I were you.
I wouldn't want anyone to read my diary.
I wouldn't want anything to happen to you.
I wouldn't want to be a brain surgeon.
I wouldn't want to get caught up in a situation like that.
I wouldn't want to get thrown into a situation like that.
I wouldn't want to run into him in a dark alley.
I wouldn't want to work in a hospital.
I wouldn't want you to get the wrong impression about me.
I wouldn't wish that on my worst enemy.
I would've been there sooner if I could've been.
I would've done that myself if I'd had more time.
I would've drowned if you hadn't saved me.
I would've never guessed that Tom was from Boston.
I would've shown you how to do it right.
I would've told you before, but I didn't think you'd understand.
I would've written a longer letter if I'd had more time.
I wrote a book, but it wasn't very good.
I wrote a letter to my parents at home.
I wrote a lot in my diary yesterday.
I wrote a song about what happened here last year.
I wrote down his address on a piece of paper.
I wrote down his phone number on a scrap of paper.
I wrote her name down so I wouldn't forget it.
I wrote him a letter asking him to come home soon.
I wrote the phone number on the writing pad.
I wrote the user manual for this software.
I wrote the wrong address on the envelope.
I wrote to him for quite another reason.
I, for one, don't believe what she said.
I, too, will come in about ten minutes.
Ice cream sells better in the summer than in the winter.
I'd advise you not to buy that house.
I'd advise you to not drink that water.
I'd appreciate an answer as soon as possible.
I'd appreciate it if you could do that.
I'd appreciate it if you'd come with me.
I'd be careful with that if I were you.
I'd be curious to know what Tom has to say.
I'd be delighted if they asked me to give a speech.
I'd be delighted if you could come with us.
I'd be delighted if you could join us for dinner.
I'd be delighted if you'd come with me.
I'd be depressed if they asked me to quit the team.
I'd be disappointed if I saw you doing that.
I'd be glad to tell Tom how to do that.
I'd be grateful if you could help me.
I'd be grateful if you could take a look when you've got time sometime.
I'd be happy if you could come with us.
I'd be happy to discuss that with you.
I'd be happy to show it to you.
I'd be interested in learning how to do that.
I'd be lying if I said I didn't like Tom.
I'd be more careful if I were you.
I'd be much obliged if you could give me a lift into town.
I'd be surprised if they asked me to give a speech.
I'd be very careful if I were you.
I'd be very grateful if you could help me.
I'd be very grateful if you'd help me.
I'd be willing to do anything to get that job.
I'd be willing to help you do that.
I'd been on my own all week and was starving for conversation.
I'd better do something before the problem gets any worse.
I'd better get going before it starts raining.
I'd better not tell you about that now.
I'd bring my own food if I were you.
I'd buy a house if I had the money.
I'd buy a larger TV if I had room for it.
I'd cut down those trees if I were you.
I'd do it again if I had the chance.
I'd do it all again in a heartbeat.
I'd do my homework now if I were you.
I'd do that if I had more time.
I'd do this again if I had the chance to.
I'd explain it to you, but your brain would explode.
I'd gladly pay more for something if it's of high quality.
I'd hardly hung up when the telephone rang again.
I'd hardly put the phone down when it rang again.
I'd have done that myself if I'd had more time.
I'd have liked it if you'd come with us.
I'd just like to ask Tom one question.
I'd just like to eat my breakfast in peace.
I'd just like to know what I did wrong.
I'd just like to know what you think.
I'd just like to thank all of you for what you've done for us.
I'd just started when it began to rain.
I'd just woken up and was still drowsy.
I'd like a chance to explain why I made this choice.
I'd like a chance to make myself clear.
I'd like a copy of that document as soon as possible.
I'd like a nonstop flight to New York.
I'd like a room facing the ocean instead.
I'd like a room with a good view.
I'd like a room with a view of the sea.
I'd like a word with you if I may.
I'd like a word with you in private.
I'd like it if we could spend more time together.
I'd like it if you would clean this room before I get back.
I'd like my egg very, very soft boiled.
I'd like nothing better than to do that.
I'd like some information about your new computers.
I'd like stay longer, but I have to leave.
I'd like this done as soon as possible.
I'd like this meeting to last no more than twenty minutes.
I'd like to add some information to my report.
I'd like to apologize for the way I handled the situation.
I'd like to ask a favor of you.
I'd like to ask a few more questions.
I'd like to ask one or two questions myself.
I'd like to ask Tom a few questions if I may.
I'd like to ask Tom a question or two.
I'd like to ask Tom to join our group.
I'd like to ask you a couple of questions.
I'd like to ask you a few more questions.
I'd like to ask you a few questions about what happened at school today.
I'd like to ask you a few questions about what you did last weekend.
I'd like to ask you a few questions if you don't mind.
I'd like to ask you a few questions.
I'd like to ask you about a car you repaired.
I'd like to ask you about a student of yours.
I'd like to ask you about how to do that.
I'd like to ask you for some advice.
I'd like to ask you some questions about some of the people you've been working for.
I'd like to ask you some questions now.
I'd like to ask you the same question once more.
I'd like to ask you to help me.
I'd like to avoid this problem in the future.
I'd like to be a dentist in the future.
I'd like to be a part of your group.
I'd like to be able to make something like this, too.
I'd like to be able to play an instrument.
I'd like to be alone for a while.
I'd like to be alone if you don't mind.
I'd like to be as intelligent as you.
I'd like to be considered for the job.
I'd like to be left alone for a while, if you don't mind.
I'd like to be more than just friends.
I'd like to be there, but unfortunately I can't.
I'd like to be woken up tomorrow at 6:30.
I'd like to book a table for four for tomorrow night.
I'd like to borrow about three hundred dollars.
I'd like to borrow about three hundred thousand dollars.
I'd like to borrow fifty dollars from you.
I'd like to buy a house, but I can't afford to.
I'd like to buy a present for my son. Do you have any good ideas?
I'd like to buy the car you're selling, but I don't have enough money right now.
I'd like to buy two 45-cent stamps, please.
I'd like to call him. Do you have his phone number?
I'd like to cancel my appointment for tomorrow.
I'd like to climb Mt. Fuji once again.
I'd like to come along if you don't mind.
I'd like to confirm my reservation for the 30th.
I'd like to dedicate this song to my mother.
I'd like to determine the value of this painting.
I'd like to discuss some problems we've been having.
I'd like to discuss the possibility of you coming to work for our company.
I'd like to discuss this with your boss.
I'd like to do an autopsy on this body.
I'd like to do shopping on Fifth Avenue in New York.
I'd like to do that, but I can't.
I'd like to do this some other time.
I'd like to do well on tomorrow's test.
I'd like to drink a cup of tea.
I'd like to drink some tea or coffee.
I'd like to earn my keep while I'm staying with you.
I'd like to eat curry rice for dinner.
I'd like to explain everything, but I don't think we have enough time.
I'd like to explain this in a little more detail.
I'd like to find out my bank balance.
I'd like to find out what this is.
I'd like to find out why Tom decided not to go.
I'd like to find somebody to take care of my children.
I'd like to find somebody to talk to.
I'd like to forget the whole thing ever happened.
I'd like to get a copy of that report.
I'd like to get a little shut eye.
I'd like to get away from Boston for a few days.
I'd like to get married to someone like you.
I'd like to get off at the next stop.
I'd like to get rid of all these things.
I'd like to get this translated into French. Could you help me?
I'd like to get to know you better.
I'd like to get together as soon as possible.
I'd like to get together with you tonight.
I'd like to get you both to help me.
I'd like to give this to somebody we can trust.
I'd like to give Tom something special for his birthday.
I'd like to give you a piece of advice.
I'd like to give you the key, but I can't.
I'd like to go back to the office.
I'd like to go through just one day without being told I look like my brother.
I'd like to go through just one day without being told I need to grow up.
I'd like to go to Boston again someday.
I'd like to go with you if you don't mind.
I'd like to go with you, but I can't.
I'd like to handle this in my own way.
I'd like to have a glass of water.
I'd like to have a glass of wine.
I'd like to have a little talk with you.
I'd like to have a look at your stamp collection.
I'd like to have a room with a nice view.
I'd like to have a test for breast cancer.
I'd like to have a word with Tom.
I'd like to have a word with you.
I'd like to have another cup of coffee.
I'd like to have dinner with you sometime.
I'd like to have dinner with you tonight.
I'd like to have ketchup on the side.
I'd like to have more time to talk with you.
I'd like to have the sauce on the side, please.
I'd like to have the translation of this song.
I'd like to have you on our team.
I'd like to have your answer right away.
I'd like to hear a lot more about your trip.
I'd like to hear exactly how Tom managed to get that old car running again.
I'd like to hear what your opinion is.
I'd like to hear you play the piano.
I'd like to hear you sing your new song.
I'd like to help Tom, but I don't know how.
I'd like to help you get what you need.
I'd like to help you reach your goals.
I'd like to help, but I don't know how.
I'd like to help, but I've got an important meeting to attend.
I'd like to hire someone who speaks French.
I'd like to hire you as a consultant.
I'd like to hire you to paint a portrait of me.
I'd like to introduce some friends of mine.
I'd like to introduce to you the gentleman I told you about the other day.
I'd like to introduce you to my wife.
I'd like to introduce you to some of my friends.
I'd like to join a night bus tour.
I'd like to know a little bit more about you.
I'd like to know exactly how much money is in my account.
I'd like to know how much the meal was because I'd like to pay my half.
I'd like to know how you got my phone number.
I'd like to know if they have arrived.
I'd like to know the rest of the story.
I'd like to know what happened to Tom.
I'd like to know what this is all about.
I'd like to know when you plan to give me back the scissors I lent you.
I'd like to know where Tom hid his key.
I'd like to know who took those pictures.
I'd like to know why my name was deleted from the list.
I'd like to know why Tom wants to do that.
I'd like to know why you did it.
I'd like to learn how to arrange flowers.
I'd like to learn to play the harp.
I'd like to leave the city and rediscover nature.
I'd like to leave this town and never come back.
I'd like to lie down for a few minutes.
I'd like to make a call to Tokyo, Japan. The number is 3202-5625.
I'd like to make a reservation for next Monday.
I'd like to make a reservation for tonight.
I'd like to make an appointment for tomorrow.
I'd like to make an appointment to see the doctor.
I'd like to make it clear that I will not change my mind.
I'd like to make some changes in the draft.
I'd like to make use of this opportunity to thank you.
I'd like to meet Tom as soon as possible.
I'd like to pay with a credit card.
I'd like to play a game of squash.
I'd like to play tennis with you some day.
I'd like to put something in the hotel safe.
I'd like to read some books about the Beatles.
I'd like to remind you that you're under oath.
I'd like to rent your most inexpensive car for a week.
I'd like to reserve a seat on this train.
I'd like to reserve a table for three.
I'd like to reserve a table for two.
I'd like to run a big stock farm.
I'd like to run a few more tests.
I'd like to say a few words by way of apology.
I'd like to see the car before I rent it.
I'd like to see what Tom can do.
I'd like to see you before I leave for Europe.
I'd like to see you in my office.
I'd like to send this package to Japan.
I'd like to show Tom what I bought today.
I'd like to sing a song for you that I just wrote.
I'd like to sit here for a moment.
I'd like to sit here for a while.
I'd like to speak to Tom about his brother John.
I'd like to speak to you about it.
I'd like to speak with Tom in private for a moment.
I'd like to speak with Tom in private.
I'd like to speak with you in private.
I'd like to spend less time at work and more time at home.
I'd like to spend more time with you.
I'd like to spend the rest of my life with you.
I'd like to stay and chat, but I've got a meeting to go to.
I'd like to stay here a little longer.
I'd like to stay here for a few more days.
I'd like to study French, but I don't have the time.
I'd like to take a closer look at that.
I'd like to take a couple of days off next week.
I'd like to take a look at those documents.
I'd like to take advantage of this opportunity.
I'd like to talk to one of your guests.
I'd like to talk to someone about what I saw.
I'd like to talk to the coordinator of this project.
I'd like to talk to the doctor alone for a moment.
I'd like to talk to the head of security.
I'd like to talk to the hotel manager.
I'd like to talk to Tom about his brother John.
I'd like to talk to you about something.
I'd like to talk to you about what happened at school yesterday.
I'd like to talk to you about what happened.
I'd like to talk to you for a minute.
I'd like to talk to you in my office.
I'd like to talk to you in private.
I'd like to talk to you when you have some free time.
I'd like to talk with you about your grades.
I'd like to talk with you in private.
I'd like to tell you something in private.
I'd like to thank you all for coming tonight.
I'd like to thank you all for coming.
I'd like to thank you for accepting my invitation.
I'd like to thank you for coming today.
I'd like to thank you for helping me translate the report into French.
I'd like to thank you for your cooperation.
I'd like to think about it a little bit longer.
I'd like to think about it a little longer before I make a decision.
I'd like to think I'm a good father.
I'd like to treat you to lunch to thank you for all your help.
I'd like to try doing this without your help.
I'd like to try out this new model before I buy it.
I'd like to try this on. Where are the fitting rooms?
I'd like to, but I don't have the time.
I'd like Tom to spend some time with our children.
I'd like two scoops of ice cream in a cone, please.
I'd like you to attend the meeting tomorrow.
I'd like you to be my guest tonight.
I'd like you to come back next week.
I'd like you to come work for me.
I'd like you to do me a favor.
I'd like you to do that as soon as possible.
I'd like you to do that for me.
I'd like you to go to the supermarket and buy some bread.
I'd like you to have a blood test.
I'd like you to have a chest X-ray.
I'd like you to have dinner with me.
I'd like you to help me gather some firewood.
I'd like you to help me if you have nothing in particular to do.
I'd like you to help me install this software.
I'd like you to keep this a secret.
I'd like you to look after my dog during my absence.
I'd like you to look after my dog while I'm away.
I'd like you to look after my dog.
I'd like you to make me some tea.
I'd like you to meet a friend of mine.
I'd like you to meet my brother, Tom.
I'd like you to pay the money in advance.
I'd like you to sing a song for me.
I'd like you to take a look at something.
I'd like you to take a look at this.
I'd like you to tell me the truth.
I'd like you to tell me what happened.
I'd like you to translate this book into French.
I'd like you to translate this document into French.
I'd like you to translate this into French.
I'd lock my doors if I were you.
I'd love to be able to find more time that I could spend relaxing.
I'd love to be able to spend less time doing household chores.
I'd love to come with you all, but I don't have any money.
I'd love to find out why she said so.
I'd love to get rid of this old car.
I'd love to go on an adventure with you.
I'd love to go to Boston with you.
I'd love to go with you to the show, but I'm flat broke.
I'd love to go with you, but I can't.
I'd love to hold you in my arms.
I'd love to know if my luggage is arriving soon.
I'd love to marry you, but my family won't let me.
I'd love to read a book on the history of laughter.
I'd love to stick around, but I can't.
I'd never been so scared in my life.
I'd never forgive myself if anything happened to you.
I'd never repeat that if I were you.
I'd never try to do that by myself.
I'd prefer it if you went instead of me.
I'd prefer to only hire people to translate into their native language.
I'd prefer to speak to you in private.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
I'd rather clean my room than spend time doing my homework.
I'd rather die free than live as a slave.
I'd rather go for a walk than see the movie.
I'd rather go out than stay at home.
I'd rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints.
I'd rather live in peaceful poverty than in wealth and fear.
I'd rather not eat the meat from an animal that was cloned.
I'd rather not eat the same food again today.
I'd rather not talk about it, if you don't mind.
I'd rather stay at home than go fishing.
I'd rather stay at home than go out.
I'd rather stay home and sleep all day.
I'd rather stay home if it's all the same to you.
I'd rather stay home than go out in this weather.
I'd rather walk than wait for a bus.
I'd rather walk than wait for the next bus.
I'd rather you go there instead of me.
I'd really appreciate a glass of cold beer.
I'd really like it if we could be friends.
I'd really like to have someone like Tom as a boyfriend.
I'd really like to know why he did that sort of thing.
I'd really like to know why you didn't do what I asked you to do.
I'd really like to spend some time with you.
I'd really like you and my brother to meet each other.
I'd really love a cold glass of milk.
I'd say we are definitely going to have a good time tonight.
I'd still like to go to Boston with you.
I'd suggest that you clean up a bit before your mother gets here.
I'd suggest we don't go down that road.
I'd very much like to hear your opinion.
If a brain can do it, a computer can do it.
If a burglar came into my room, I would throw something at him.
If a nuclear war were to break out, mankind would perish.
If a porter carries your luggage, don't forget to tip him.
If a restaurant has valet parking it's probably pretty expensive.
If all goes according to plan, I should be back home again tomorrow night.
If any harm comes to her, I will hold you personally responsible.
If anybody had asked me if I were married, I'd have said I was.
If anybody tries to make a run for it, shoot them.
If anyone calls me up while I'm away, tell them I'll be back by five.
If anyone calls, tell them I'm not here.
If anyone here can help us, we'd appreciate it.
If anyone were to talk to me like that, I would call the police.
If anything happens here, can I depend on you?
If anything should ever happen to me, you can look here.
If blaming me makes you feel better, go right ahead.
If by any chance it should rain, he won't come.
If by some chance it rains, the garden party won't take place.
If Cleopatra's nose had been shorter, the history of the world would be different.
If Cleopatra's nose had been shorter, the whole face of the world would have been changed.
If everyone pitches in, I'm sure we can do that.
If everyone pitches in, we can do it.
If everything goes according to plan, I should be back home again tomorrow night.
If farmers don't make a decent living growing peanuts, they will try growing other crops.
If fired upon, you're permitted to return fire.
If for some reason a man stopped thinking, that man would no longer be a man.
If for some reason I'm late, please don't wait for me.
If for some reason that happened, what would you do?
If for some reason that should happen, what would you do?
If God had meant for us to be naked, we'd have been born that way.
If God is with us, then who is against us?
If he asks us for help, we'll help him.
If he carries on like this, he's going to wind up in prison.
If he comes, tell him to wait for me.
If he comes, what should I say to him?
If he doesn't accept the job, somebody else will.
If he donates a kidney, he can survive with the other one.
If he finds out, certainly he will be very angry.
If he had been a little more careful, the accident would have been avoided.
If he had been free, he would have gone fishing.
If he had been honest, I would have employed him.
If he had failed the exam, what would he have done?
If he had gotten her advice, he would have succeeded.
If he had left at ten, he would have arrived here by now.
If he had stayed at home that day, he would not have met with disaster.
If he had studied harder, he would have passed the exam.
If he had worked harder, he could have succeeded.
If he hadn't wasted time, he'd be finished by now.
If he is in middle circumstances his clothes will be chosen chiefly for comfort.
If he is innocent, it follows that his wife is guilty.
If he is proficient in English, I'll employ him.
If he keeps drinking like that, he'll have to take a taxi home.
If he keeps threatening you, then you should go to the police.
If he knew her phone number, he could call her.
If he knew the truth, he would tell us.
If he knows the truth, he will tell us.
If he really doesn't want to go, he shouldn't have to.
If he sends me any letters, I just tear them up and throw them away.
If he should arrive late, you may start the conference without him.
If he studied hard, he would pass the test.
If he told me the truth, I would have forgiven him.
If he were here, what would he say?
If he'd been there, he'd have told you to mind your manners.
If he'd known the truth, he'd have told me.
If he'd taken his doctor's advice, he might not have died.
If he's fluent in English, I'll hire him.
If he's late, it's OK to start the meeting without him.
If I can do it, so can you.
If I could afford it, I would buy an electric car.
If I could do that again, I would.
If I could have spoken French better, I might have gotten that job.
If I could, I would let every caged bird fly free.
If I create an example, will you correct it for me?
If I die, I want you to keep this ring.
If I don't do it now, I never will.
If I don't do it, it won't get done.
If I don't do that now, I'll never do it.
If I eat too much chocolate, I break out in pimples.
If I find your passport, I'll call you.
If I had 25% more income, I'd be more satisfied with my life.
If I had a dime for every time I heard that, I'd be rich.
If I had been rich, I would have given you some money.
If I had bought the painting then, I would be rich now.
If I had eaten breakfast this morning, I would not be hungry now.
If I had eaten more for lunch, I wouldn't be hungry now.
If I had enough money, I could buy this book.
If I had enough money, I could buy this camera.
If I had enough money, I could do that.
If I had enough money, I could go abroad.
If I had enough money, I'd buy that car.
If I had enough money, I'd buy this.
If I had gone to that restaurant last night, I would have eaten a steak.
If I had had enough money, I could have bought it.
If I had had more money, I would have bought the pen.
If I had had more time, I would have written to you.
If I had it all to do over again, I wouldn't change a thing.
If I had known about your illness, I could have visited you in the hospital.
If I had known about your illness, I would have visited you in the hospital.
If I had known how to do it, I would've done it myself.
If I had known that you were here, I would have come at once.
If I had known your email address, I would've written.
If I had money, I could buy it.
If I had money, I'd give it to you.
If I had more money, I could move to a bigger house.
If I had my way, you would all be fired.
If I had not overslept, I would have been in time for school.
If I had one million yen now, I would buy a car.
If I had taken that plane, I would be dead now.
If I had the money, I'd buy this computer.
If I had time to do that, I would.
If I had time, I could help you.
If I had time, I'd accept his invitation.
If I had wanted your opinion, I would have asked for it.
If I had wings, I would fly to you.
If I have any more questions, where can I find you?
If I have to, I'll sell one of my cars.
If I help you, will you help me?
If I knew her name and address, I could write to her.
If I knew his address, I would write to him.
If I knew how to use a computer, maybe they would pay me more.
If I knew it, I would tell you.
If I knew what to do, I'd be doing it.
If I pay you a dollar, we'll be even.
If I refuse to fight, I'll be considered a coward.
If I remember correctly, that's the song Tom sang at Mary's wedding.
If I screw up, what's the worst that can happen?
If I should be late getting home, please don't wait up for me.
If I stand on my tiptoes, I can touch the ceiling.
If I start eating potato chips, I can't stop.
If I tell her the truth, she will never forgive me.
If I tell him the truth, she will never forgive me.
If I tell my mother, she'll worry, so I don't think I'll tell her.
If I told you, I'd have to kill you.
If I want to, I can do it.
If I want your opinion, I'll ask for it.
If I wanted to, I could do that.
If I were a bird, I could fly to you.
If I were a bird, I would fly to you.
If I were a foreigner, I probably wouldn't be able to eat raw fish.
If I were a rich man, I wouldn't have to work hard.
If I were caught, do you know what would happen?
If I were free, I could help you.
If I were in good health, I could pursue my studies.
If I were in her place, I wouldn't give up yet.
If I were in your place, I would lend him a hand.
If I were in your place, I would not do so.
If I were in your situation, I would do the same thing.
If I were rich, I would do so. As it is, I can do nothing.
If I were rich, I would go abroad.
If I were the boss, I'd fire you.
If I were to go abroad, I would go to France.
If I were to tell you all I know, you would be amazed.
If I were you, I would accept his offer.
If I were you, I would paint it blue.
If I were you, I would trust her.
If I were you, I wouldn't buy that.
If I were you, I wouldn't do it.
If I were you, I wouldn't do so.
If I were you, I wouldn't do such a rude thing.
If I were you, I wouldn't do such a thing.
If I were you, I wouldn't do that.
If I were you, I wouldn't move to Australia.
If I were you, I wouldn't pitch my tent there.
If I were you, I wouldn't sell your land.
If I were you, I'd buy that one.
If I were you, I'd call a doctor.
If I were you, I'd follow his advice.
If I were you, I'd go home right away.
If I were you, I'd put the money in a bank.
If I were you, I'd stay away from that.
If I were you, I'd think twice before going down that path.
If I weren't poor, I'd buy that car.
If I win the lottery, I'll be able to live high on the hog.
If I won the lottery, I'd buy you a car.
If I won the lottery, I'd buy you a new car.
If I'd had a little more money, I would've bought it.
If I'd had enough money, I could've bought it.
If I'd had the money, I would've bought that.
If I'd had the time, I would've dropped by your place.
If I'd known about it, I would've told you.
If I'd known it, I would've told you.
If I'd known it, I'd have told you.
If I'd known that Tom was in the hospital, I'd have visited him.
If I'd known that, I wouldn't have come.
If I'd known the truth, I'd have told you.
If I'd known what you were going to do, I'd've tried to stop you.
If I'd only read the contract more carefully!
If I'd only taken the time to read the instruction manual!
If I'd taken time to brush my teeth after breakfast, I would've missed my bus.
If I'd wanted your opinion, I would've asked for it.
If I'd written it down, I wouldn't have forgotten.
If I'm not mistaken, I think we took a wrong turn back there.
If I'm not too busy, I'll help you tomorrow.
If I'm to become a regular, I have to work twice as hard as the rest.
If it bothers you, I can stop doing this.
If it doesn't rain soon, our garden is going to dry up.
If it gets too hot, just open the window.
If it had not been for civil war, they would be wealthy now.
If it had not been for his help, I would have failed.
If it had not been for the storm, I would have arrived earlier.
If it had not been for your advice, I could not have succeeded.
If it had not been for your advice, I would have failed.
If it had not been for your foolishness, we would never have been in that trouble.
If it had not been for your help, I would certainly have failed.
If it had not been for your raincoat, I would have been drenched to the skin.
If it hadn't been for his help, she might have drowned.
If it hadn't been for the seatbelt, I wouldn't be alive today.
If it hadn't been for the storm, I would've arrived sooner.
If it happens again, we want to be ready.
If it happens to rain tomorrow I'll stay at home.
If it happens to rain, the garden party won't be held.
If it is raining, I won't go out tonight.
If it is worth doing, do it well.
If it looks like an apple and it tastes like an apple, it's probably an apple.
If it rains tomorrow, I will stay at home.
If it rains tomorrow, I'll stay at home all day.
If it rains tomorrow, I'll stay at home.
If it rains tomorrow, I'm not going to the meeting.
If it rains tomorrow, the excursion will be canceled.
If it rains tomorrow, they will not go.
If it rains tomorrow, we'll stay at home.
If it rains, the excursion will be called off.
If it rains, the game will be called off.
If it rains, the game will be canceled.
If it rains, we will go to the art museum.
If it should rain tomorrow, the game would be called off.
If it snows on the mountain, it's cold in the valley.
If it snows tomorrow, I'll build a snowman.
If it sounds too good to be true, it probably is.
If it was easy, it wouldn't be a challenge.
If it wasn't for modern medicine, I'd be dead right now.
If it were not for exams, we would be happy.
If it were not for his idleness, he would be a nice fellow.
If it were not for my family, I would give up this job.
If it were not for plants, we wouldn't be able to live.
If it were not for the air, planes could not fly.
If it were not for the sun, no living creatures could exist on the earth.
If it were not for the sun, there would be no life on the earth.
If it were not for the sun, we could not live at all.
If it were not for water, no living things could live.
If it were not for water, no one could live on earth.
If it were not for water, we could not live.
If it were not for your help, I could not have succeeded.
If it were not for your help, I might have failed.
If it were true, what would you do?
If it weren't for music, the world would be a boring place.
If it weren't for music, the world would be a dull place.
If it weren't for my advice, you would have failed.
If it's a good day tomorrow, let's go to the river to swim.
If it's a simple piece of music, I can sight-sing it.
If it's all right with you, I'd like to stay for a while longer.
If it's at all possible, I'd like you to take part in the next meeting.
If it's fine tomorrow, we'll go on a picnic.
If it's possible, I want to go home now.
If it's raining tomorrow, we'll go by car.
If it's raining tomorrow, we'll go there by car.
If John phones me, please tell him I'll be back by seven o'clock.
If more people had voted, we would have won the election.
If my brother hadn't helped me, I would've drowned.
If my brother were here, he would know what to do.
If my house were a mansion, I would invite everyone I know to my birthday party.
If my husband finds tickets for the concert, he will also buy two for you.
If my mother had still been alive, she would have helped me at that time.
If my wife calls, just tell her I'm in an important meeting and cannot be disturbed.
If my wife calls, just tell her I'm in an important meeting and can't be disturbed.
If no one has a better proposal, let's get to work.
If not for yourself, then do it for me.
If nuclear war broke out, mankind would perish.
If only I had a pretty dress like that!
If only I had known the answer yesterday!
If only I had studied harder for the exam.
If only I hadn't been in such a hurry!
If only I were rich, I would buy a villa on the seashore.
If only I'd been a couple of years older, they would've let me into the bar.
If only I'd been a little more careful!
If only I'd known then what I know now.
If only she were to help, the job would be finished sooner.
If only we could go back and start over.
If only you could be a bit quieter!
If only you'd thought of that before shooting your big mouth off.
If peace cannot be maintained with honor, it is no longer peace.
If people who smoke are deprived of their cigarettes, they get nervous and irritable.
If possible, I'd like to know the name of the author.
If possible, I'd like to meet you tonight.
If possible, I'd like to receive new information about this case.
If possible, I'd like to travel around the world.
If she had married you, she would be happy now.
If she had told me the truth, I wouldn't be angry.
If she'd known the results, she'd have been shocked.
If she'd taken her doctor's advice, she might not have died.
If so, then there's no problem at all, is there?
If something sounds too good to be true, then it probably is.
If students today had more free time, they might show more interest in politics.
If that accident had happened in a city, it would have caused a disaster.
If that guitar were not so expensive, I could buy it.
If that guitar weren't so expensive, I could buy it.
If that is true, then he is not responsible for the accident.
If that were true, what would you do?
If that's how it is, then there's no problem, right?
If that's what you want to do, do it.
If that's what you want to do, I'll help you do it.
If the car is gone, he can't be at the office.
If the ceiling fell, he would be crushed.
If the coffee is too strong, add some more water.
If the COVID-19 vaccine was available, would you like to receive it?
If the lion is the king of beasts, the eagle is the king of birds.
If the medicine isn't working, maybe we should up the dosage.
If the phone rings again, I plan to ignore it.
If the phone rings again, I will ignore it.
If the saddle is too heavy, the mule won't move.
If the shop is closed today, I'll try again tomorrow.
If the spaghetti sticks when you throw it against the wall, it's done.
If the sun were to go out, all living things would die.
If the university doesn't have enough students, the administration will cancel the class.
If the weather clears up, we'll go for a walk in the forest.
If the weather is good, I'll go to the park.
If there is anything you want, don't hesitate to ask me.
If there was just 1,000 yen more, he would have taken 10,000 yen in total.
If there were no telephones, it would be inconvenient.
If there weren't so many taxis, there would be fewer traffic accidents.
If there's a problem, please let me know.
If there's anything at all that you don't understand, you can ask me anytime.
If there's anything else you need, just let me know.
If there's anything I can do for you, don't hesitate to let me know.
If there's anything I can do for you, please let me know.
If there's anything I can do to help, please let me know.
If there's anything urgent, you can get in touch with me.
If there's anything we can do to help, please don't hesitate to let us know.
If there's anything you want to do, you should do it.
If there's something bothering you, we can talk about it.
If there's something you don't understand, let me know.
If they don't like it, let them leave.
If they'd taken their doctors' advice, they might not have died.
If this airplane were to be hijacked, what in the world would you do?
If this plan doesn't work, we'll have to try something else.
If Tom ate more vegetables, he'd probably be healthier.
If Tom comes, please give him this book.
If Tom didn't write this, then who did?
If Tom doesn't go camping, I won't either.
If Tom finds out I told you this, he'll kill me.
If Tom had been wearing his seat belt, he wouldn't have been injured so badly.
If Tom had had something to throw, he'd have thrown it.
If Tom hadn't invited me, I wouldn't have come.
If Tom has a problem with me, he should tell me.
If Tom isn't going there, I'm not going either.
If Tom needs help, we can give it to him.
If Tom ran away, where could he go?
If Tom wasn't so stupid, he would've understood quicker.
If Tom were here, he'd know what to do.
If Tom were taller, he could open the door.
If two men always have the same opinion, one of them is unnecessary.
If two people are in agreement, one of them is unnecessary.
If two people have the same opinion, one of them is redundant.
If walls could talk, what stories would they tell us?
If we begin early, we can finish by lunch.
If we decide to hire you, you will hear from us.
If we do this, it'll set a precedent.
If we don't get something to eat soon, we'll all starve to death.
If we don't stand up for Tom, nobody will.
If we get out of here alive, I'll buy you anything you want.
If we had children, we would've bought a bigger house.
If we had more money, we'd do that.
If we had more space, we could get a grand piano.
If we had wings, could we fly to the moon?
If we knew what we were doing, it wouldn't be called research, would it?
If we leave earlier, we'll avoid rush hour.
If we leave now, we could be back in Tucson before nightfall.
If we leave now, we should make it.
If we'd taken that plane, we'd be dead now.
If we're going to do this, let's do it right.
If we're not careful, the same thing will happen to us.
If what you say is true, it follows that he has an alibi.
If you abuse your computer, it won't work well.
If you act like a child, you will be treated as such.
If you add one hundred to one thousand, you get eleven hundred.
If you add three to four, you get seven.
If you agree to buy 3,000 of them, we'll give you a 3 percent discount.
If you allow me to speak, I'll be able to explain everything.
If you alter the plan, you must inform the team members of the changes.
If you always eat that much, you'll gain weight.
If you and I could join forces, we'd really get things done.
If you apply online, it might be faster.
If you are a good boy, I will give you this watch.
If you are ever in Japan, come and see me.
If you are free, give me a hand.
If you are interested in studying English with a native speaker, please contact me.
If you are not going to the concert, then neither am I.
If you are not satisfied with your share, I'll make it a bit more attractive.
If you are reading this letter, it means that I have died.
If you are to know a nation, you must learn its history.
If you are to realize your dream, you must work harder.
If you are to succeed, you must work hard.
If you ask him, he will help you.
If you ask me, it was just a waste of time.
If you ask me, she's a little unusual.
If you ask me, this is a complete waste of time.
If you became blind suddenly, what would you do?
If you behave like a flunkey, you're treated like a flunkey.
If you behave like a lackey, you'll be treated like a lackey.
If you behave like a servant, you'll be treated like a servant.
If you buy in bulk, it's 20% cheaper.
If you buy me an ice cream, I'll give you a kiss.
If you calculate the electric field using this equation, the result comes out like the following.
If you can digest them, raw vegetables are good for your health.
If you can see your breath when you exhale, you know it's cold.
If you can't afford a lawyer, one will be appointed to you.
If you can't come, please let me know ahead of time.
If you can't come, you should let me know ahead of time.
If you can't do the time, don't do the crime.
If you can't explain it easily, you don't yet understand it.
If you can't fix the pipe, we'll have to call a plumber.
If you can't have children, you could always adopt.
If you can't solve this problem, ask your teacher.
If you can't stand the heat, get out of the kitchen.
If you change your hairstyle, you could look ten years younger.
If you change your mind, let me know.
If you change your mind, let us know.
If you combine them in this way, you get a 14 port USB hub.
If you come to my house, I will tell you the story in detail.
If you continue doing that, you'll probably get injured.
If you could assist me, it would be a great help.
If you could choose the genes for your children, would you?
If you could come, I'd be really happy.
If you could do it, would you do it?
If you could do that for me, I'd appreciate it.
If you could go back in time, what would you change?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would you want to live?
If you could loan me some money, I'd be grateful.
If you could loan me some money, I'd really appreciate it.
If you could manage to go camping with us, we'd be delighted.
If you could only speak English, you would be perfect.
If you cut the tail off of a lizard, it will grow back.
If you did that, Tom would be surprised.
If you didn't eat the cake I made, then your sister did.
If you didn't get enough sleep last night, you should take a nap.
If you didn't put this here, then who did?
If you do it this way, you can save several hours.
If you do not have this book, you can buy it.
If you do not have this program, you can download it now.
If you do not leave this area, we are authorized to remove you by force.
If you do that, everyone's going to hate you.
If you do that, I'll call the police.
If you do that, you'll be making a fool of yourself.
If you do this for me, I'll never ask you to do anything else.
If you do this, you'll regret it for the rest of your life.
If you do your best, you're likely to succeed.
If you don't believe me, go and see for yourself.
If you don't believe me, go see for yourself.
If you don't bother the bees, they're unlikely to sting you.
If you don't do this now, you'll regret it for the rest of your life.
If you don't do your duty, people will look down on you.
If you don't eat fast, you'll be late for school.
If you don't get a move on, you'll end up missing your flight.
If you don't go, I won't go either.
If you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all.
If you don't have enough money, I'll lend you some.
If you don't have this key, you won't be able to get in.
If you don't hurry, you won't get there before dark.
If you don't hurry, you'll miss the train.
If you don't hurry, you'll miss your train.
If you don't keep the silverware polished, it'll lose its luster.
If you don't keep your promises, people won't take you seriously.
If you don't kill them, they'll kill you.
If you don't know anything about computers, you're really behind the times.
If you don't know the meaning of a word, look it up in a dictionary.
If you don't leave now, you'll be late.
If you don't leave, I'll sic my dogs on you.
If you don't leave, I'm calling the cops.
If you don't leave, I'm going to call the police.
If you don't like it here, you may leave.
If you don't like it, just say so.
If you don't like it, you can leave.
If you don't like the service, don't leave a tip.
If you don't like this, you don't have to eat it.
If you don't mind, I'd like to be alone for a while.
If you don't mind, may we inspect your suitcase?
If you don't miss the train, you'll get there in time.
If you don't need it, don't buy it.
If you don't pay rent, the landlord will evict you.
If you don't plant the seeds, they won't grow.
If you don't study hard, you'll continue to get poor scores.
If you don't study harder, you'll definitely fail.
If you don't study harder, you'll fail for sure.
If you don't take a vacation, you'll collapse.
If you don't trust them, they won't trust you.
If you don't understand a question, just say so.
If you don't understand, you need to say so.
If you don't want it, I'll eat it.
If you don't want me to go, I won't.
If you don't want me to stay here, I'll leave.
If you don't want them here, ask them to leave.
If you don't want this, I'll give it to someone else.
If you don't want to answer, you don't have to.
If you don't want to be alone, I can keep you company.
If you don't want to come, you don't have to.
If you don't want to do it, you don't have to.
If you don't want to give a speech, you don't have to.
If you don't want to go to that party, you don't have to.
If you don't want to go, you don't have to.
If you don't want to miss the train, you'd better hurry.
If you don't want to read, then don't read.
If you don't want to read, then don't.
If you don't want to sing, you don't have to.
If you don't want to stay alone, I can keep you company.
If you don't want to talk about it, that's okay.
If you don't want to talk to me, that's OK.
If you don't want to talk to me, you don't have to.
If you don't water the plants, they will wither.
If you dress like that at your age, you'll make a fool of yourself.
If you eat a light lunch, you're likely to avoid a mid-afternoon energy slump.
If you eat a lot, you'll eventually get fat.
If you eat at this time of night, you'll get fat.
If you eat so much, you'll get sick.
If you eat that much, you'll get fat.
If you eat that much, you'll get sick.
If you eat three meals a day, your body will find the energy it needs.
If you eat three square meals a day, your body will have the energy it needs.
If you eat too much, you'll become fat.
If you ever come to town, come to see me.
If you ever feel like doing that, go ahead and do it.
If you ever need a job, come see me.
If you ever touch me again, I'll kill you.
If you feed your dog properly, you can increase his lifespan.
If you find a mistake, please leave a comment.
If you find yourself in quicksand you'll sink more slowly if you don't move.
If you flunk this exam, you'll have to repeat the course.
If you follow me, I'll show you the way to the hospital.
If you follow my advice, you will have no trouble.
If you follow this street, you will get to the station.
If you forget to take your pills for one day, take two pills the following day.
If you get bit by a rabid dog, you'll need a tetanus shot.
If you get enough rest every night, you'll feel much better.
If you get hungry, there's food in the fridge.
If you get into difficulties, don't hesitate to ask for advice.
If you get your right ear pierced, that means you're gay.
If you give him an inch, he'll take a mile.
If you give me a book, I'll read it.
If you go by bus, you can get there in about one-third of the time.
If you go fishing tomorrow, I will, too.
If you go hiking in the desert, be sure to take plenty of water.
If you go looking for trouble, you'll find it.
If you go near a camel, you risk being bitten.
If you go out so lightly dressed, you'll catch a cold.
If you guys want to sleep here, it's no problem.
If you had a million dollars, what would you do?
If you had a time machine, which year would you visit?
If you had asked me to marry you, I would have said yes.
If you had been a little more patient, you could have succeeded.
If you had helped me, I could have accomplished the work.
If you had made more effort, you would have passed the entrance examination.
If you had not eaten so much, you would not be so sleepy now.
If you had parked your car here, you would have been fined.
If you had stayed here, you would have had a very good time.
If you had stuck around, you'd have met the girl I've been seeing.
If you had taken my advice, you wouldn't be in such trouble.
If you hadn't done it, someone else would have.
If you hadn't helped, I wouldn't have been able to do that.
If you have a fever, you should go to the hospital right away.
If you have a good garden, it will enhance the value of your house.
If you have a minute, you might want to read this.
If you have a problem with any of this, I need to know now.
If you have a question, please raise your hand.
If you have a question, please raise your right hand.
If you have an indoor swimming pool, you're probably pretty rich.
If you have any difficulty, ask me for help.
If you have any doubts, let me know without any hesitation.
If you have any questions, don't hesitate to ask.
If you have nothing to say, say nothing.
If you have pain in your chest, consult your doctor right away.
If you have questions, don't hesitate to jump in.
If you have something to say, go ahead and say it.
If you have something to say, just say it.
If you have something to say, say it now or pipe down.
If you have something to say, say it to my face.
If you have something to say, say it.
If you have the time, come along with me.
If you hear hoofbeats, don't look for zebras.
If you hear the alarm, walk, don't run.
If you help me, I'll try it again.
If you hit a patch of fog, slow down and put your blinkers on.
If you hurry, you will catch up with him.
If you keep breaking the club rules, you'll get thrown out.
If you keep harping on his flaws, he'll grow to resent you.
If you keep on drinking like that, you'll be drunk very soon.
If you keep trying, you will make progress.
If you knew the truth, you'd be surprised.
If you knew, you'd tell me, wouldn't you?
If you know the answer to this question, please tell me.
If you know what needs to be done, please go ahead and do it.
If you know what's good for you, you'll quit doing that.
If you leave now, I'm sure you'll be caught in a traffic jam.
If you leave now, you'll get there on time.
If you leave right now, you'll be in time for the plane for sure.
If you leave that there, someone might trip over it.
If you leave, everyone else will leave, too.
If you let the engine run, you might be able to hear what the problem is.
If you listen carefully to my instructions, it'll save you some time.
If you listen closely enough you'll be able to hear it.
If you listen to English programs on the radio, you can learn English for nothing.
If you loan me money, I'll be grateful to you.
If you look around, you'll see many people doing the same thing.
If you look carefully, you'll see that the box has a false bottom.
If you look to your right, you'll see the sea.
If you look, you'll notice that he's turning left.
If you make a mess, clean it up.
If you mix blue and red, you get violet.
If you mix blue and red, you'll get purple.
If you need a change of pace, why don't you come for a visit?
If you need a pen, I can lend you one.
If you need a ride, I could come and get you.
If you need any help, let me know.
If you need anything, don't hesitate to call.
If you need anything, just give me a holler.
If you need help, feel free to call me.
If you need me, I'll be in my office.
If you need more information, we are happy to send it.
If you need my advice, I'd be glad to give it to you.
If you only had one more week to live, what would you spend your time doing?
If you pass this test, you could graduate next month.
If you plant an apple seed, it might grow into a tree.
If you pump air into a tire, it expands.
If you push the button, the curtains will open automatically.
If you push the button, the engine will stop.
If you push this button, the door will open.
If you put more tea leaves into the pot, the tea will taste better.
If you question his sincerity, do not ask for his help.
If you read between the lines, this letter is a request for money.
If you really cared about your girlfriend, you would respect her feelings.
If you really don't want to come, you don't have to.
If you really like Mary, you should ask her out.
If you really want to know, all you have to do is ask.
If you really want to know, all you need to do is ask.
If you rest, you will be back on your feet again soon.
If you run into trouble, I'll help, and so will my father.
If you say anything about this to anyone, we're through.
If you see a mistake, then please correct it.
If you see or hear anything, let me know.
If you see Tom, please tell him for me.
If you see Tom, please tell him to call me.
If you stand on this stool, you can reach the top of the closet.
If you start now, you will get there in time.
If you take a close look, you'll find that your friends and you have similar personalities.
If you take a nap here, you'll catch a cold.
If you take this medicine, you'll feel a lot better.
If you take this medicine, you'll feel better.
If you taste this sauce you'll find it a bit salty.
If you tell a lie enough times, you begin to believe it.
If you tell people what they want to hear, they'll do what you want.
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
If you tell Tom what to do, he'll do it.
If you tell too many lies, people won't ever believe you.
If you testify against him, we can put him behind bars for good.
If you think you're someone, you stop becoming someone.
If you touch that wire, you will receive a shock.
If you touch that wire, you'll get a shock.
If you travel by Shinkansen, it doesn't seem far from Nagoya to Tokyo.
If you trespass on his property, he'll sic his dogs on you.
If you turn on me like that, I won't say another word.
If you turn to the left, you'll see a white building.
If you visit New York, you've just got to come and see our house.
If you want a pencil, I'll lend you one.
If you want a sandwich, raise your hand.
If you want any help, just call me.
If you want me to go, I will.
If you want me to go, I'll go.
If you want me to help you, all you have to do is ask.
If you want me to kiss you, all you have to do is ask.
If you want me to leave, just say so.
If you want me to play the piano, I'll play the piano.
If you want me to, I'll do that for you.
If you want my help, you'll have to ask for it.
If you want one, you'll have to find your own.
If you want something done right, sometimes you've just gotta do it yourself.
If you want something done right, you have to do it yourself.
If you want something done right, you should do it yourself.
If you want something done, ask a busy person to do it.
If you want something to be done right, sometimes you've just got to do it yourself.
If you want that, you can have it.
If you want this job, you must apply for it by tomorrow.
If you want to ask a question, please put your hand up.
If you want to ask a question, please raise your hand.
If you want to be free, destroy your television set.
If you want to be happy, make somebody else happy.
If you want to be slim, follow this diet.
If you want to become a good writer, you need to practice writing.
If you want to become thin, you should cut back on the between-meal snacks.
If you want to buy a leash, go to a pet shop.
If you want to come with us, come with us.
If you want to do good work, you should use the proper tools.
If you want to get elected, you're going to have to improve your public image.
If you want to go to the art museum, take this bus.
If you want to join the club, you must first fill in this application form.
If you want to kiss me, then kiss me.
If you want to learn the truth, sit down and listen.
If you want to master a foreign language, you must study as much as possible.
If you want to participate, you have to register.
If you want to speak, raise your hand.
If you want to stay here, you are welcome to.
If you want to stay, you can stay.
If you want to succeed in life, work hard.
If you want to succeed, use your time well.
If you want to succeed, you have to try harder.
If you want to succeed, you should work hard.
If you want your money back, you can have it.
If you want, you can easily do it.
If you want, you can easily make it.
If you wear that, you're going to look stupid.
If you were able to go camping with us, I think we'd all have fun.
If you were footing the bill, you wouldn't say that.
If you were in my place, what would you do?
If you were more ambitious, you could go a long way.
If you were my wife, I'd hang myself.
If you were to hear him speak French, you would take him for a Frenchman.
If you weren't so smug, you might have more friends.
If you wish to get on in the world, you must not shrink from effort.
If you wish to leave, you may leave.
If you wish, you may stay here with us.
If you won a million yen, what would you do?
If you work hard, you'll pass your exam.
If you would like to have further information, please contact me.
If you would talk less and listen more, you might learn something.
If you wouldn't mind, I could use a hand.
If you'd asked me, I'd have told you.
If you'd followed my advice, you wouldn't be in such a fix now.
If you'd parked your car here, you would've been fined.
If you'd parked your car here, you'd have been fined.
If you'd prefer a room closer to the Convention Center, please let us know.
If you'd told us earlier, we'd've been able to do something about it.
If you'll wait a moment, I can help you.
If your answer is correct, it follows that mine is wrong.
If your child drinks poison, rush him to the hospital.
If your feelings are still what they were last April, tell me so at once.
If your feet get wet, you'll catch a cold.
If your prices are competitive, we will place a large order.
If your schedule permits, let's tentatively plan on meeting tomorrow at 2:00 pm.
If your shirt is tucked into your jeans, you should wear a belt.
If your tooth hurts, you should see a dentist.
If you're busy, I can come back later.
If you're busy, I can do that for you.
If you're cold, it's OK to turn on the heater.
If you're cold, maybe you should put more clothes on.
If you're cold, you can turn on the heater.
If you're ever in our area, please drop in.
If you're feeling bad, maybe you should go see a doctor.
If you're free, come around to see me.
If you're going to apologize, you should do it right away.
If you're going to do this, you'd better hurry.
If you're going to doubt everything, at least doubt your doubt.
If you're going to kill me, I want to know why.
If you're going to start a new business, you need a business plan.
If you're looking for a job, call me.
If you're looking for Tom, he isn't here.
If you're looking for Tom, he's not here.
If you're not careful, you might have an accident.
If you're not listening to the radio, turn it off.
If you're not out of the shower in five minutes, I'm cutting the hot water!
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the problem.
If you're not too busy, could you please help us?
If you're not watching the TV, I'll turn it off.
If you're not with us then you're against us.
If you're sleepy, you should take a nap.
If you're smart, you'll cash out while you're ahead.
If you're withholding information, there could be severe consequences.
If you're wrong, admit it. If you're right, be quiet.
If you've been drinking, perhaps your spouse can drive you home.
If you've got a problem, I'd like to know what it is.
If you've got something to say, go ahead and say it.
If you've got something to say, just say it.
If you've got something to say, say it.
Ignore what he said. He was only joking.
I'll accompany you as far as the intersection.
I'll agree to the terms if you lower the price.
I'll always love you, no matter what happens.
I'll always remember the first time I saw Tom.
I'll arrange for someone to pick you up at your home.
I'll ask him where he is planning to go during the vacation.
I'll ask my brother to give me a ride.
I'll ask Tom to teach me how to drive.
I'll be able to afford a week's vacation this summer.
I'll be able to do that on my own.
I'll be able to finish in a day or two.
I'll be able to finish it in a day or two.
I'll be able to see you next year.
I'll be at your place in an hour.
I'll be back before the end of the week.
I'll be back in a couple of minutes.
I'll be back in an hour or so.
I'll be back in Australia the day after tomorrow.
I'll be back in just a few minutes.
I'll be back in thirty minutes so I'll be in time for the concert.
I'll be back in time for my mother's birthday.
I'll be back in twenty minutes or so.
I'll be back soon. I have to run to the post office.
I'll be back to check on you later.
I'll be careful never to be late again.
I'll be counting on you to bring a salad.
I'll be counting on you to bring the drinks.
I'll be fine if I take a little rest.
I'll be glad to buy that for you.
I'll be glad to drink a glass of champagne.
I'll be grateful if you can do that for me.
I'll be grateful to you if you can do that for me.
I'll be home by midnight at the latest.
I'll be in bed by the time you get home.
I'll be in my office from ten tomorrow.
I'll be in my office if you need me.
I'll be in the next room if you need me.
I'll be OK as long as I stay awake, won't I?
I'll be out of town for a day or so.
I'll be out of town for a few days.
I'll be out of town for a week or two.
I'll be presenting a paper at a conference.
I'll be raising my prices by three percent next month.
I'll be ready to go in five minutes.
I'll be ready to go in ten minutes.
I'll be returning to Boston sometime next month.
I'll be singing a song at Tom and Mary's wedding.
I'll be spending Christmas Eve with my family.
I'll be staying here for another three days.
I'll be staying here for another three weeks.
I'll be staying with my grandparents over Christmas.
I'll be sure to tell Tom you said that.
I'll be the last one to do that.
I'll be there as soon as I can.
I'll be there at two o'clock without fail.
I'll be thinking of you every day while I'm away.
I'll be thirty in a couple of weeks.
I'll be very happy if I can serve you.
I'll be waiting for you at the usual place.
I'll be whatever you want me to be.
I'll be with you as soon as I finish this job.
I'll be with you in a few minutes.
I'll be with you in just a second.
I'll be with you in just one minute.
I'll be working on my report all day tomorrow.
I'll bet you didn't sleep a wink last night.
I'll bet you that you're wrong about that.
I'll bring flowers the next time I visit.
I'll buy that old clock no matter how expensive it is.
I'll buy whatever Tom wants me to buy for him.
I'll call back as soon as I can.
I'll call for you at eight tomorrow morning.
I'll call on you one of these days.
I'll call you as soon as I know.
I'll call you as soon as I've finished.
I'll call you back in about ten minutes.
I'll call you back when I get to the bus stop.
I'll call you in a couple of days.
I'll call you when I arrive in Boston.
I'll call you when I get to the station.
I'll come and pick you up at three.
I'll come and see you one of these days.
I'll come and see you when I get well.
I'll come back home as soon as I can.
I'll come straight to the point. You're fired.
I'll come to visit you at your house tomorrow.
I'll come visit you at your house tomorrow.
I'll come with you if you want me to.
I'll demonstrate it with the help of some concrete examples.
I'll do anything that you want me to do.
I'll do anything to make it up to you.
I'll do anything you want me to do.
I'll do everything within my power to make sure your children are safe.
I'll do everything you tell me to do.
I'll do it as soon as I can.
I'll do it first thing in the morning.
I'll do my best not to cause any trouble.
I'll do my best to be ready on time.
I'll do my best, but I'll not be able to finish it before Thursday at best.
I'll do my homework after I watch television.
I'll do my very best not to disappoint you.
I'll do that if you ask me to.
I'll do that in the very near future.
I'll do that later when I'm not so busy.
I'll do this as long as I can.
I'll do what the boss tells me to do.
I'll do whatever I can to encourage Tom to stay in school.
I'll do whatever I can to help you.
I'll do whatever it takes to get you back.
I'll do whatever it takes to save Tom.
I'll do whatever you want me to do.
I'll drink some water to quench my thirst.
I'll drop by the post office on the way home.
I'll even buy you a new car if you want one.
I'll expect to hear from you by Tuesday.
I'll explain the matter to you later on.
I'll explain to you how to use it when I come back.
I'll figure out a way to fix this.
I'll finish it as quickly as I can.
I'll finish it in two or three minutes.
I'll fix your sink for you if you want.
I'll follow you to the ends of the earth.
I'll get by if I have a place to sleep.
I'll get fired if I don't do it.
I'll get him to carry my suitcase upstairs.
I'll get in touch with you again about this matter.
I'll get in touch with you as soon as I arrive.
I'll get in touch with you next week.
I'll get my son to go instead of going myself.
I'll get over it one way or another.
I'll get something to drink for both of you.
I'll get there as soon as I can.
I'll get used to it sooner or later.
I'll get used to this sooner or later.
I'll get you out of this horrible situation.
I'll give him this message the moment he arrives.
I'll give him your message when he comes.
I'll give it back next Monday without fail.
I'll give this apple to whoever wants it.
I'll give up drinking once and for all.
I'll give you a call before I come.
I'll give you a call in the morning.
I'll give you a call when I get home.
I'll give you a day to think about it.
I'll give you a good piece of advice.
I'll give you a lift if you like.
I'll give you a piece of good advice.
I'll give you all the money you need.
I'll give you all the money you want.
I'll give you an answer in a day or two.
I'll give you anything you want within reason.
I'll give you as many as you like.
I'll give you money if you need some.
I'll give you time to think it over.
I'll give you to the count of three.
I'll go for a walk if the weather improves.
I'll go tell the others what we need to do.
I'll go to Australia to visit my family for Christmas.
I'll go to Boston to be with family.
I'll go to Boston to visit my family for Christmas.
I'll go to the grocery store across the street.
I'll go to the store and buy you some wine.
I'll go wherever you want me to go.
I'll go with you as far as the station.
I'll go with you to the train station.
I'll grab a taxi and be right there.
I'll have exams right after the summer holidays.
I'll have finished reading this novel by the time you come tomorrow.
I'll have it up and running in no time.
I'll have my sister pick you up at the station.
I'll have plenty of time to do that later.
I'll have to catch the 8:15 train to Paris.
I'll have to explain that to my father.
I'll have to make amends to them for my mistake.
I'll have to talk to Tom about it.
I'll have to talk to Tom about that.
I'll help you after work if I'm not too tired.
I'll help you as much as I can.
I'll help you clean up after the party.
I'll help you prevent that from happening again.
I'll help you to the best of my ability.
I'll help you within the limits of my ability.
I'll introduce you to the rest of the crew.
I'll join you as soon as I can.
I'll just go for a walk to clear my head.
I'll keep my fingers crossed that everything will go well for you today.
I'll leave it to you to buy the tickets.
I'll leave no stone unturned to find out who did this.
I'll lend you any book that I have, as long as you keep it clean.
I'll lend you my textbook if you promise not to write anything in it.
I'll lend you some books of my brother's.
I'll lend you the book, provided you return it next week.
I'll lend you the money, but mind you, this is the last time.
I'll lend you the tools that you need to do that.
I'll let you know as soon as we've decided what to do.
I'll let you know if I find anything interesting.
I'll let you know in a day or so.
I'll let you know the results as soon as I can.
I'll let you know when I need you.
I'll let you know when it has been decided.
I'll let you off this time, but I don't ever want to catch you stealing again.
I'll loan you all the money you want.
I'll look after my parents when they get old.
I'll look after your affairs when you are dead.
I'll love you for the rest of my days.
I'll make it back in time for supper.
I'll make Tom pay you what he owes you.
I'll make you happy no matter what happens.
I'll meet you back here in an hour.
I'll meet you down at the station tomorrow.
I'll meet you there in a little bit.
I'll miss you very much if you go.
I'll mow the lawn tomorrow if it's not raining.
I'll mow the lawn tomorrow, unless it rains.
I'll need at least three days to translate that thesis.
I'll need to deal with that on my own.
I'll never be able to do that again.
I'll never be able to do that without your help.
I'll never be able to trust you again.
I'll never be able to write that well.
I'll never forget all the help you've given me.
I'll never forget going to Hawaii with her.
I'll never forget having a good time with you all.
I'll never forget shaking the President's hand last year.
I'll never forget the day we first met.
I'll never forget the day when we first met.
I'll never forget what you did for me.
I'll never forget what you did for my family.
I'll never forget what you've done for me.
I'll never forget what you've done for my family.
I'll never forget what you've done for us.
I'll never forget your kindness as long as I live.
I'll never forgive Tom for what he did to me.
I'll never forgive you as long as I live.
I'll never forgive you if you do that.
I'll never set foot in this house again.
I'll never set foot in this town again.
I'll never tell anybody what you just told me.
I'll never tell anyone what you just told me.
I'll never tell anyone where I've hidden the treasure.
I'll never tell anyone who you really are.
I'll only be gone a couple of days.
I'll open the box and see what's in it.
I'll overlook it this time, but don't let it happen again.
I'll pass along your compliments to the chef.
I'll pay you back as soon as I can.
I'll pay you back as soon as I have money.
I'll pay you back the money I owe you next week.
I'll phone you as soon as I get to the airport.
I'll phone you in a couple of days.
I'll phone you in a few days' time.
I'll pick up our coats from the cloakroom.
I'll pick you up at your home at five.
I'll pick you up in front of the hotel.
I'll postpone my trip to England until it gets warmer.
I'll postpone my trip to Scotland until it's warmer.
I'll probably do that the day after tomorrow.
I'll probably get fired if I do that.
I'll provide you with all the necessary information.
I'll put in a good word for you.
I'll put my passport back in the safe.
I'll rely on my father for half of my tuition.
I'll remain your ally no matter what happens.
I'll return to Australia the day after tomorrow.
I'll return your book on Monday if I've finished it.
I'll save a piece of pie for you.
I'll save you a seat in the front row.
I'll see if I can find a cab.
I'll see if I can find a map.
I'll see if I can find something to eat.
I'll see if there's anything I can do.
I'll see to it that you get a raise after the first year.
I'll see what else I can find to eat.
I'll see what I can do about that.
I'll see what I can do, but no promises.
I'll send someone up to help you now.
I'll send you a copy of that picture as soon as possible.
I'll send you your clothes and some other things next month by express delivery.
I'll show you exactly where I found this.
I'll show you how this game is played.
I'll show you how to properly use it.
I'll show you the car I've just bought.
I'll show you the way to the station.
I'll speak my mind, even if it ruffles some feathers.
I'll speak to him at the first opportunity.
I'll stand by you in time of need.
I'll stand by you no matter what happens.
I'll stand by you no matter what others may say.
I'll stand guard now. Go get some sleep.
I'll stay at home if it rains tomorrow.
I'll stay for a while longer if you don't mind.
I'll stay here if you really want me to.
I'll stop by the post office on the way home.
I'll sweep the floor while you wash the dishes.
I'll take a screenshot and send it to you.
I'll take care of it as soon as I can.
I'll take care of my parents when they get old.
I'll take care of your dog while you're away.
I'll take in the washing before it rains.
I'll take my dog out for a walk.
I'll take over your duties while you are away from Japan.
I'll take you anywhere you want to go.
I'll take your suitcase to your room, sir.
I'll talk the matter over with my father.
I'll talk to him at the earliest possible moment.
I'll talk to you at a more appropriate time.
I'll talk with you when I'm not busy.
I'll teach you everything you need to know.
I'll teach you how to drive a car.
I'll teach you what you need to know.
I'll tell him so when he comes here.
I'll tell Tom the truth when the time comes.
I'll tell Tom what a great job you did.
I'll tell Tom what a tremendous job you did.
I'll tell you about it when I get home.
I'll tell you all I know about it.
I'll tell you anything that you want to know.
I'll tell you anything you want to know.
I'll tell you everything that you want to know.
I'll tell you everything you want to know.
I'll tell you how to get to Tom's house.
I'll tell you only if you promise to keep it to yourself.
I'll tell you only what you need to know.
I'll tell you what I know about it.
I'll tell you what you want to know.
I'll tell you whatever you want to know.
I'll tell you why I don't like Tom.
I'll think of a way to do it.
I'll travel across Europe by bicycle this summer.
I'll treat you like an adult when you start acting like one.
I'll try not to be late in the future.
I'll try not to disappoint you next time.
I'll try not to make mistakes next time.
I'll try not to take up too much of your time.
I'll try to do that before I go home.
I'll try to eat it in one bite.
I'll try to explain to you what happened.
I'll try to fix this, but there's a chance that I won't be able to.
I'll try to get in touch with Tom.
I'll try to keep out of your way.
I'll try to solve the problem by myself.
I'll understand if you don't want to go there with me.
I'll use magic on him and turn him into a frog.
I'll visit you sometime in the near future.
I'll wait as long as you need me to.
I'll wait for you here, so don't worry.
I'll wait for you in front of the radio station.
I'll write it down so I won't forget.
I'll write to you or I'll phone you next week.
I'll write to you the day after tomorrow.
I'll write you as soon as I arrive there.
Illness prevented me from going to the party.
I'm a bit down because a blogger friend of mine has decided to stop blogging.
I'm a deeply religious man and believe in life after death.
I'm a little hesitant about going there by myself.
I'm a little low on cash right now.
I'm a little out of touch with new technology.
I'm a man who can't stand being alone.
I'm a professor, or rather an associate professor, to be exact.
I'm a vegetarian, so I'd rather not have meat, if that's okay.
I'm a woman and I don't think that it's strange at all.
I'm able to do that with one hand.
I'm about the same age as you are.
I'm about the same weight as I was at this time last year.
I'm about to make a very important phone call.
I'm accustomed to sleeping in a room without air conditioning.
I'm aching to tell this good news to my family.
I'm afraid even your friends can't save you now.
I'm afraid he will never admit his guilt.
I'm afraid he won't be here until 1:00.
I'm afraid I cannot make myself understood in English.
I'm afraid I can't finish them in time.
I'm afraid I can't finish this report on time.
I'm afraid I can't help you. You must ask someone else.
I'm afraid I can't let you do that.
I'm afraid I can't make myself understood in French.
I'm afraid I can't save you this time.
I'm afraid I didn't explain it too well.
I'm afraid I differ with you on this point.
I'm afraid I have a touch of a cold.
I'm afraid I have some bad news for you.
I'm afraid I have to ask you to leave.
I'm afraid I took your umbrella by mistake.
I'm afraid I won't be able to fix this.
I'm afraid I won't be able to make myself understood in French.
I'm afraid I won't finish the report on time.
I'm afraid I'll be a burden to you.
I'm afraid I'll be stuck in this place forever.
I'm afraid I'll have to disappoint you. I don't feel like participating in this discussion.
I'm afraid I'm a bit out of shape.
I'm afraid I'm coming down with a cold.
I'm afraid it's not going to work out.
I'm afraid my depth perception is very poor.
I'm afraid something is wrong with my watch.
I'm afraid that I can't allow you to do that.
I'm afraid that I can't let you do that.
I'm afraid that I didn't explain it too well.
I'm afraid that I don't agree with you.
I'm afraid that I don't have a choice.
I'm afraid that I don't share your enthusiasm.
I'm afraid that I have a touch of a cold.
I'm afraid that I have some bad news for you.
I'm afraid that I have some bad news.
I'm afraid that I have to go now.
I'm afraid that I have work to do.
I'm afraid that I owe you an apology.
I'm afraid that I took the wrong train.
I'm afraid that I won't be able to make myself understood in French.
I'm afraid that I won't finish the report on time.
I'm afraid that I'll be a burden to you.
I'm afraid that I'll be stuck in this place forever.
I'm afraid that I'm coming down with a cold.
I'm afraid that there isn't any coffee left.
I'm afraid that Tom isn't going to recover.
I'm afraid that we don't have any left.
I'm afraid that we won't be able to help you tomorrow.
I'm afraid that you don't have any choice.
I'm afraid that you have the wrong number.
I'm afraid that you'll have to go in person.
I'm afraid the bank is going to repossess my house.
I'm afraid there is very little I can do.
I'm afraid things will take a turn for the worse.
I'm afraid this job is too much for you.
I'm afraid this kind of meeting isn't getting us anywhere.
I'm afraid to do that in the winter.
I'm afraid we can't rule out the possibility that she may have the disease.
I'm afraid we don't have that in stock.
I'm afraid we must go if we want to get home before dark.
I'm afraid we won't be able to help you tomorrow.
I'm afraid when I'm alone in the house.
I'm afraid you'll have to go in person.
I'm afraid you'll have to learn to live with the pain.
I'm all thumbs when it comes to origami, or paper folding.
I'm allowed to do anything I want to do.
I'm almost done. Just give me a minute.
I'm already twenty and I have no idea what I want to do with my life.
I'm always nervous before I go on stage.
I'm always tense before I get on an airplane.
I'm amazed at his rapid progress in English.
I'm amazed by the rate at which industries grow.
I'm anxious to know the results of the blood test.
I'm anxious whether I'll do well at this new job.
I'm ashamed to ask you such a silly question.
I'm asking you to do this because I trust you.
I'm asking you to give Tom a chance.
I'm asking you to tell me how you feel.
I'm at a loss about what to do with the mess.
I'm at the hospital. I got struck by lightning.
I'm at work now, so I'll call you later.
I'm aware of what is at stake here.
I'm aware that every choice I make has a consequence.
I'm beat. I've been working from dawn to dusk.
I'm beginning to get used to doing this.
I'm beginning to realize that you don't really like me as much as I like you.
I'm beginning to think that I shouldn't have enlisted in the army.
I'm beginning to understand why Tom loves Boston.
I'm being as clear as I can be.
I'm being sincere when I say that I love you.
I'm better at writing French than speaking it.
I'm bored and don't know what to do.
I'm buying flowers because I'm going to visit my grandmother this evening.
I'm buying myself a new pair of shoes.
I'm calling because I've lost my credit card.
I'm calling the cops unless you leave right now.
I'm calling to see if you'd be interested in going to Boston with me next week.
I'm calling to tell you what I need.
I'm capable of dealing with problems like this myself.
I'm certain that I'll win the tennis match.
I'm certain there are many other things we could do.
I'm confident that I'll win the tennis match.
I'm confident that there won't be a world war.
I'm convinced that we can finish this by tomorrow.
I'm convinced we can finish this by tomorrow.
I'm curious to see how you do that.
I'm doing everything I can to avoid catching a cold.
I'm drunk, but I can still speak German.
I'm extremely disappointed by the quality of the service.
I'm extremely embarrassed that it has taken so long to reply.
I'm fairly certain that that's what's going to happen.
I'm fairly certain that Tom and Mary have both already done that.
I'm fairly certain that Tom doesn't have any siblings.
I'm fairly certain that Tom wouldn't help you do that.
I'm fairly certain that's what's going to happen.
I'm fairly certain Tom doesn't have any siblings.
I'm fairly certain Tom wouldn't help you do that.
I'm familiar with the way he asks questions.
I'm fed up with him always preaching to me.
I'm feeling a bit peckish. Is there anything in the fridge?
I'm fighting mad because someone stole my bike.
I'm finally able to understand what's interesting about professional shogi.
I'm fixing the radio I found on my way home.
I'm fixing the radio that I found on my way home.
I'm getting along with my mother-in-law very well.
I'm getting kind of hungry. Let's go get something to eat.
I'm getting little pimples on my face. I wonder if I've been getting enough sleep lately.
I'm getting off the train at the next station.
I'm getting off the train at the next stop.
I'm getting older and I don't want to work at night anymore.
I'm getting paid a lot to do this.
I'm getting pretty bored with driving every morning.
I'm getting pretty tired of driving every morning.
I'm getting sick and tired of all your complaints.
I'm getting sleepy. I should've gone to bed earlier last night.
I'm getting the hang of this new machine.
I'm getting tired of hearing Christmas music everywhere I go.
I'm getting tired. It's your turn to drive.
I'm getting up at six o'clock tomorrow morning.
I'm glad for this opportunity to work with you.
I'm glad I could be of some assistance.
I'm glad I got a chance to see you again.
I'm glad I got to see you again.
I'm glad I have a friend like you to confide in.
I'm glad I was able to do this.
I'm glad I was able to meet you yesterday.
I'm glad someone agrees with me for once.
I'm glad that I didn't eat the food that made you sick.
I'm glad that I was able to help.
I'm glad that the matter was settled amicably.
I'm glad that they fixed the heating system, but now it's too hot.
I'm glad that we've had this chance to talk.
I'm glad that you were able to be with your parents on Christmas Day.
I'm glad the two of you are in agreement.
I'm glad things worked out the way they did.
I'm glad to be of some help to you.
I'm glad to be the one who tells you.
I'm glad to have a roof over my head.
I'm glad to have this opportunity to work with you.
I'm glad to hear that she is unmarried.
I'm glad to hear that Tom wasn't injured.
I'm glad to hear that your sister is out of danger after her operation.
I'm glad to see that you're studying harder than you used to.
I'm glad to see you in one piece.
I'm glad to see your sense of humor returning.
I'm glad Tom is going to help us.
I'm glad Tom was able to see you while you were in Boston.
I'm glad we were able to do that.
I'm glad we've had this chance to talk.
I'm glad you could come to the party.
I'm glad you could come. Please make yourself at home.
I'm glad you invited me to your party.
I'm glad you were able to be with your parents on Christmas Day.
I'm glad you were able to spend Christmas with your parents.
I'm glad your book was received kindly by the press.
I'm glad you're here to help me with this.
I'm going back home for the summer vacation.
I'm going drinking with some of my friends tonight.
I'm going for a run. Do you want to come?
I'm going in the same direction. Come with me. I'll take you there.
I'm going shopping this afternoon. Would you like to come along?
I'm going through my closet to find clothes to give to charity.
I'm going to ask for a new desk.
I'm going to ask Mary to marry me.
I'm going to ask you a few questions.
I'm going to ask you just one question.
I'm going to ask you to do your duty.
I'm going to ask you to leave now.
I'm going to Australia the day after tomorrow.
I'm going to Australia to visit my family for Christmas.
I'm going to be at home until noon.
I'm going to be away a long time.
I'm going to be doing that all afternoon.
I'm going to be here for several days.
I'm going to be in Boston next weekend.
I'm going to be late for my appointment.
I'm going to be late for the meeting.
I'm going to be very honest with you.
I'm going to Boston to visit my family for Christmas.
I'm going to buy a camera for my daughter.
I'm going to change into more comfortable clothes.
I'm going to cook you a nice dinner.
I'm going to cut right to the chase.
I'm going to deal with the problem in this chapter.
I'm going to do an internship at a local company.
I'm going to do it first thing tomorrow.
I'm going to do something by myself for a while.
I'm going to do that in the morning.
I'm going to do the best I can.
I'm going to drop in on her next week.
I'm going to explain all this in more detail later.
I'm going to find a place of my own.
I'm going to fix it as soon as I can.
I'm going to get home at about 2:30.
I'm going to get my own way this time.
I'm going to get myself some coffee. Do you want some?
I'm going to get off at the next stop.
I'm going to get on the next bus.
I'm going to get some grub and I'll be back.
I'm going to get to the bottom of this.
I'm going to get you out of here.
I'm going to get you out of there.
I'm going to give you one last chance.
I'm going to give you one more chance.
I'm going to go buy a ticket, so please watch my bags for a minute.
I'm going to go buy some materials today.
I'm going to go get something to eat.
I'm going to go home and take a bath.
I'm going to go out and take a walk.
I'm going to go sit in my car.
I'm going to go to Australia next year.
I'm going to go to bed early tonight.
I'm going to go to the doctor this afternoon.
I'm going to go to the kitchen to grab something to eat.
I'm going to have the chance to do that.
I'm going to have to ask you to put your phone away.
I'm going to have to call you back.
I'm going to have to call you right back.
I'm going to have to cancel my appointment.
I'm going to have to change my plans.
I'm going to have to change my schedule.
I'm going to have to dye my hair.
I'm going to have to think about that one.
I'm going to head back to the office.
I'm going to install solar panels on my house.
I'm going to keep my side of the bargain.
I'm going to lay aside that money for emergencies.
I'm going to let you in on a little secret.
I'm going to lie down for a moment.
I'm going to make it up to you.
I'm going to make my own decisions from now on.
I'm going to make some coffee. Would you like some, too?
I'm going to make you an offer that you can't refuse.
I'm going to my mother's house for Christmas.
I'm going to my room, so I can study.
I'm going to my sister's wedding this weekend.
I'm going to need more money than that.
I'm going to need more time than that.
I'm going to need someone to help me.
I'm going to need your help on this.
I'm going to prepare for the final exams this afternoon.
I'm going to pretend you didn't say that.
I'm going to punch you in the face.
I'm going to put a curse on you.
I'm going to put a stop to it.
I'm going to put it in my room.
I'm going to put them in a room and let them battle it out.
I'm going to put this in the car.
I'm going to read this book on the airplane.
I'm going to report you to the authorities.
I'm going to report you to the police.
I'm going to run a couple of errands. Wanna tag along?
I'm going to see what I can do.
I'm going to sit on the bench over there next to the street lamp.
I'm going to start a new job next week.
I'm going to stay here a few minutes.
I'm going to stay here and watch TV.
I'm going to stay here for a couple of days.
I'm going to stay here for several days.
I'm going to stay here till the day after tomorrow.
I'm going to stay in bed all day.
I'm going to stay there for a couple of days.
I'm going to stay there for about a week.
I'm going to stop at the next rest stop.
I'm going to stop trying to be friendly with you.
I'm going to study for the final exams this afternoon.
I'm going to subscribe to these chamber-music concerts.
I'm going to swim a lot this summer.
I'm going to take a bath as soon as I get home.
I'm going to take an umbrella with me.
I'm going to take care of it for you.
I'm going to take care of that customer.
I'm going to take it easy this weekend.
I'm going to take my vacation in September rather than July.
I'm going to take off this stamp with hot water.
I'm going to take that as a yes.
I'm going to take the dog to the vet.
I'm going to take two days off next week.
I'm going to take you where you'll be safe.
I'm going to tell them that I won't be there on time.
I'm going to tell you what I think.
I'm going to the convenience store. Is there anything you want?
I'm going to the country with my friends.
I'm going to the post office to buy stamps.
I'm going to the supermarket to do some shopping.
I'm going to try to be much more careful from now on.
I'm going to try to get a good tan.
I'm going to try to trap that rabbit.
I'm going to visit Tom in the hospital.
I'm going to watch the baseball game tonight.
I'm going to wear these shoes on our date tonight.
I'm going to work as a builder with my father.
I'm going to work during the spring vacation.
I'm going to work out the problem by myself.
I'm gradually getting better at guessing people's ages.
I'm grateful for everything you've done for me.
I'm grateful to my parents for doing everything they've done for me.
I'm grateful to you for inviting me to the party.
I'm guessing you didn't buy this for yourself.
I'm hanging a picture of my grandmother on the wall.
I'm hanging up a picture of my grandmother.
I'm happy for the first time in my life.
I'm happy that you were able to find a job so quickly.
I'm happy to be able to help you.
I'm happy to have so many good friends.
I'm happy to see so many friendly faces.
I'm happy to see you in one piece.
I'm happy to take part in this project.
I'm having a hard time with French grammar.
I'm having a hard time with German grammar.
I'm having lunch with my sister right now.
I'm having trouble with my roommate. He eats all my food.
I'm here to stop you from making the biggest mistake of your life.
I'm hoping that I can write two or three songs over the weekend.
I'm hungry, so I'm going to get something to eat.
I'm in a hurry, so I'll make this quick.
I'm in debt to my uncle for $10,000.
I'm in love with you and I want to marry you.
I'm in no mood to argue politics right now.
I'm in no position to do anything about it.
I'm in pain every minute of every day.
I'm in the habit of taking a walk every day.
I'm in the second year of high school.
I'm indeed grateful to be able to do this.
I'm interested in the cello and the piano.
I'm jealous because you have a good boss.
I'm just going across to the flower shop.
I'm just going to go powder my nose.
I'm just going to run down to the bank.
I'm just happy to be here with you.
I'm just looking for a place to sleep.
I'm just not cut out for this kind of work.
I'm just not feeling up to it right now.
I'm just trying to be a good father.
I'm just trying to be a good neighbor.
I'm just trying to figure out what's going on.
I'm just trying to stop you from making a big mistake.
I'm just trying to understand what's going on.
I'm just writing a letter to my girlfriend.
I'm kind of in the middle of something.
I'm learning to sew so that I can make myself a dress.
I'm left-handed, and so I write with my left hand.
I'm likely to be able to do that.
I'm looking for a bag for my wife.
I'm looking for a bank. Is there one near here?
I'm looking for a gift for a friend of mine.
I'm looking for a gift for my friend.
I'm looking for a gift for my wife.
I'm looking for a hat to match a brown dress.
I'm looking for a job near my house.
I'm looking for a job that pays well.
I'm looking for a lipstick to go with this nail polish.
I'm looking for a new place to live.
I'm looking for a present for a friend of mine.
I'm looking for a present for a friend.
I'm looking for a present for my mother.
I'm looking for an apartment in the center of town.
I'm looking for an easy way to supplement my income.
I'm looking for an easy-to-read manga with furigana.
I'm looking for my keys. Have you seen them?
I'm looking for my passport. Have you seen it?
I'm looking for my shoes. Have you seen them?
I'm looking for my wallet. Have you seen it?
I'm looking for someone who can do that for me.
I'm looking for someone who can speak Portuguese.
I'm looking for the perfect spot to hang this picture.
I'm looking for your sister. Where is she?
I'm looking forward to being in Australia for Christmas.
I'm looking forward to going hunting with my father.
I'm looking forward to going to the concert.
I'm looking forward to going to the zoo with you.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you soon.
I'm looking forward to meeting you all after such a long time.
I'm looking forward to receiving your favorable answer.
I'm looking forward to seeing you again soon.
I'm looking forward to seeing you in a wedding dress.
I'm looking forward to seeing you in October.
I'm looking forward to spending more time with you.
I'm looking forward to the New Year holidays.
I'm looking forward to the return of spring.
I'm looking forward to visiting your country this winter.
I'm lucky that no one saw me do that.
I'm lucky to have you as a friend.
I'm meeting Tom at the station at 2:30.
I'm meeting Tom for lunch at a restaurant on Park Street.
I'm moving, so I need boxes for my belongings.
I'm moving, so I need boxes for my things.
I'm no better at cooking than my mother.
I'm no betting man, but I'd take that wager.
I'm no more an artist than you are.
I'm not a child. Don't talk to me like I am.
I'm not a doctor. I'm just a nurse.
I'm not a teacher and don't want to become one.
I'm not a university student, but I'm brighter than them.
I'm not able to do that by myself.
I'm not able to fix the car by myself.
I'm not above begging in order to get the job.
I'm not accustomed to being in the limelight.
I'm not accustomed to eating this kind of food.
I'm not accustomed to eating this sort of food.
I'm not afraid to say what I think.
I'm not allowed to tell what you want to know.
I'm not an expert, so my answer to your question is just an educated guess.
I'm not angry at you, just very disappointed.
I'm not any more to blame than you are.
I'm not as afraid of heights as I used to be.
I'm not as afraid of snakes as I used to be.
I'm not as agile as I used to be.
I'm not as fat as I used to be.
I'm not as gullible as I used to be.
I'm not as gullible as you think I am.
I'm not as interested in literature as you are.
I'm not as interested in literature as you.
I'm not as interested in politics as you are.
I'm not as much of a loner as I used to be.
I'm not as old as most people think I am.
I'm not as old as you, of course.
I'm not as rich as I once was.
I'm not as rich as I used to be.
I'm not as rich as I'd like to be.
I'm not as smart as people think I am.
I'm not as stupid as you think I am.
I'm not as young as I used to be.
I'm not ashamed of my father being poor.
I'm not ashamed of my father's being poor.
I'm not ashamed to say that I cried.
I'm not at all satisfied with this result.
I'm not buying you another drink until you say sorry.
I'm not capable of finishing this work alone.
I'm not certain we can get tickets tonight.
I'm not convinced that I should do that.
I'm not convinced that you're telling the truth.
I'm not counting on Tom to do that.
I'm not crazy. You're the one who's crazy.
I'm not crying. I just have something in my eye.
I'm not cut out for this type of work.
I'm not cut out to be a politician.
I'm not even supposed to be here right now.
I'm not even sure I want to see that movie.
I'm not even sure if this is my key.
I'm not feeling well and I'd like to stay home today.
I'm not feeling well and would like to stay home today.
I'm not feeling well. Could you please send for a doctor?
I'm not flexible enough to sit in the lotus position.
I'm not going out because I have to do my homework.
I'm not going to allow that to happen.
I'm not going to allow this to happen again.
I'm not going to answer any more questions.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to finish this before 2:30.
I'm not going to beat around the bush.
I'm not going to buy one of those, at least not yet.
I'm not going to do anything about it.
I'm not going to do anything you don't want me to.
I'm not going to do that unless you help me.
I'm not going to do that until Monday.
I'm not going to eat any more cherries.
I'm not going to explain it to you.
I'm not going to explain that to you now.
I'm not going to force you to do that.
I'm not going to go to Boston next week.
I'm not going to go to school today.
I'm not going to go to Tom's party.
I'm not going to help you if you don't want me to.
I'm not going to let anything happen to you.
I'm not going to let my children do that.
I'm not going to let you boss me around.
I'm not going to make the same mistake as last time.
I'm not going to send Tom a Christmas card.
I'm not going to show you how to do it.
I'm not going to sit here and listen to you complaining all day.
I'm not going to stay here with you.
I'm not going to stay if you don't want me to.
I'm not going to take this lying down.
I'm not going to tell you her name.
I'm not going to tell you how to do that.
I'm not going to tell you my name.
I'm not going to the library, but I can take you as far as the station.
I'm not going to the movies with you.
I'm not going to try to do that today.
I'm not good at eating Japanese food with chopsticks.
I'm not good at speaking off the cuff.
I'm not here to put pressure on you.
I'm not in a position to discuss that.
I'm not in a position to give you advice.
I'm not in a position to give you any advice.
I'm not in a position to stop it.
I'm not in favor of such a plan.
I'm not in that much of a hurry.
I'm not in the least afraid of it.
I'm not in the mood to do that now.
I'm not in the mood to do that today.
I'm not in the mood to go downtown.
I'm not in the mood to watch TV right now.
I'm not interested in learning how to fix a broken table.
I'm not leaving the two of you alone.
I'm not like the rest of these guys.
I'm not looking forward to Christmas this year.
I'm not now in a position to help you.
I'm not old enough to join the army.
I'm not on good terms with my family.
I'm not permitted to discuss that with you.
I'm not quite happy with the wording of this sentence.
I'm not quite sure how to do that.
I'm not quite sure if we can meet your requirements.
I'm not ready to talk about it yet.
I'm not really as mean as people say I am.
I'm not really in the mood for jokes.
I'm not rich, nor do I wish to be.
I'm not satisfied with the quality of your work.
I'm not saying that we can't win. I'm just saying it's not likely.
I'm not saying this just because I'm your sister.
I'm not saying this to hurt you, but it's the truth.
I'm not so sure I want to study French.
I'm not strong enough to do that yet.
I'm not stupid enough to fall for that.
I'm not stupid enough to lend him money.
I'm not supposed to be doing this today.
I'm not supposed to tell anyone about it.
I'm not sure how to pronounce the word.
I'm not sure how to pronounce this word.
I'm not sure how we can make that happen.
I'm not sure I can swim that far.
I'm not sure I follow what you're saying.
I'm not sure I have enough time to clean my room before I go to school.
I'm not sure I have time for that.
I'm not sure I want to do anything.
I'm not sure I want to do this now.
I'm not sure I want to do this.
I'm not sure I want to see it.
I'm not sure I want to see this.
I'm not sure I'd want to live here.
I'm not sure if I locked the door.
I'm not sure if I translated this correctly.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to be of much help.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to sing tonight.
I'm not sure if I'm stupid or not.
I'm not sure if it's a boy or a girl.
I'm not sure if it's a compliment or an insult.
I'm not sure if that was a good thing or a bad thing.
I'm not sure if Tom can do that.
I'm not sure if Tom can speak French.
I'm not sure if Tom does that anymore.
I'm not sure I'm ready to do this.
I'm not sure that I can trust you.
I'm not sure that I have enough time.
I'm not sure that I want to do anything.
I'm not sure that I want to do this now.
I'm not sure that I want to do this.
I'm not sure that I want to see it.
I'm not sure that I want to see this.
I'm not sure that I'm ready for that.
I'm not sure that it's the right decision.
I'm not sure that that's a good idea.
I'm not sure that that's a good thing.
I'm not sure that this is such a good idea.
I'm not sure that this translation is correct.
I'm not sure that's such a good idea.
I'm not sure this is a good idea.
I'm not sure this is such a good idea.
I'm not sure Tom wants to go there.
I'm not sure Tom would let me drive.
I'm not sure what I want to do.
I'm not sure what it was, but it sounded like a gunshot.
I'm not sure what my children want for Christmas.
I'm not sure what to do. I need advice.
I'm not sure what we can do about that.
I'm not sure what's wrong with the car.
I'm not sure what's wrong. We should have heard from him by now.
I'm not sure when Tom will be back.
I'm not sure when Tom will show up.
I'm not sure whether I really want that.
I'm not sure whether I'll be able to come with you.
I'm not sure why it works, but it works.
I'm not sure why they asked me that.
I'm not sure why Tom asked me that.
I'm not sure why Tom didn't want to meet Mary.
I'm not sure yet if I will go to a university or get a job.
I'm not sure yet if I'll go to a university or get a job.
I'm not sure yet, but I might do that.
I'm not surprised you don't know the answer.
I'm not tall enough to reach the books on the top shelf.
I'm not the guy you want making this decision.
I'm not the kind of person that you think I am.
I'm not the kind of person you think I am.
I'm not the kind to kiss and tell.
I'm not the least bit worried about losing my job.
I'm not the one responsible for what happened.
I'm not the one who crashed the car.
I'm not the one who makes the rules.
I'm not the one who needs to lose weight.
I'm not the one who should be doing this.
I'm not the one who told Tom to leave.
I'm not the one who washed the car.
I'm not the one who wrote this letter.
I'm not the one you should be afraid of.
I'm not the one you should be scared of.
I'm not the only one here who doesn't understand French.
I'm not the only one permitted to do that.
I'm not the only one that does that.
I'm not the only one who can do this.
I'm not the only one who feels that way.
I'm not the only one who feels this way.
I'm not the only one who got here early.
I'm not the only one who has done that.
I'm not the only one who likes Tom.
I'm not the only one who saw Tom swimming yesterday evening.
I'm not the only one who thinks you're stupid.
I'm not the only one who wants to go.
I'm not the only one who's planning to do that.
I'm not the only one with a child.
I'm not the only person who couldn't do that.
I'm not the only person who did that.
I'm not the person I used to be.
I'm not the same fool I was fifteen years ago.
I'm not the same guy I used to be.
I'm not the type that gives up so easily.
I'm not trying to make you feel guilty.
I'm not used to being spoken to that way.
I'm not used to doing that in the dark.
I'm not used to drinking coffee without sugar.
I'm not used to going to bed late.
I'm not used to sleeping in a tent.
I'm not used to staying up late at night.
I'm not used to talking to people I don't know.
I'm not used to this kind of heat.
I'm not used to this kind of work.
I'm not used to this sort of thing.
I'm not very good at making pizza, but Tom is.
I'm not very likely to be arrested for doing that.
I'm not very likely to be fired for doing that.
I'm not willing to cook dinner for twenty people.
I'm not yet accustomed to this cold weather.
I'm now able to do that by myself.
I'm now about as tall as my father.
I'm often mistaken for a girl because I have long hair.
I'm often told I don't look good in a skirt.
I'm old enough to do that by myself.
I'm old enough to make my own decisions.
I'm on a budget, so I don't eat out more than three times a week.
I'm on a really tight schedule this week.
I'm on my way to the meeting right now.
I'm on my way to visit a friend in the hospital.
I'm on my way to visit a friend who's in the hospital.
I'm one of the thirty people who had to do that.
I'm one of the thirty people who have to do that.
I'm one of the thirty people who need to do that.
I'm one of the thirty people who needed to do that.
I'm one of the thirty people who want to do that.
I'm one of the thirty people who were asked to do that.
I'm only doing it because I'm forced to.
I'm only doing this for your own good.
I'm only doing what needs to be done.
I'm only going to say this once, so listen carefully.
I'm only three years older than he is.
I'm out of breath after running up the stairs.
I'm planning on staying at his place tomorrow.
I'm planning to disguise myself as a doctor.
I'm planning to go to Europe next week.
I'm planning to go to the theater today.
I'm planning to stay at my uncle's place.
I'm pretty hungry since I haven't eaten since early this morning.
I'm pretty sure I told you before not to do that.
I'm pretty sure I'm going to need some help.
I'm pretty sure that I haven't done anything I didn't have to do.
I'm pretty sure that it won't snow today.
I'm pretty sure that I've left the keys to my office in my raincoat pocket.
I'm pretty sure that this is Tom's umbrella.
I'm pretty sure that Tom didn't do that.
I'm pretty sure that Tom doesn't have a brother.
I'm pretty sure that Tom doesn't know Mary.
I'm pretty sure that Tom doesn't like Mary.
I'm pretty sure that Tom has already gone home.
I'm pretty sure that Tom won't cancel the meeting.
I'm pretty sure Tom did what he said he did.
I'm pretty sure Tom has already gone home.
I'm pretty sure Tom has fallen in love with Mary.
I'm pretty sure Tom is the one who started the rumor.
I'm pretty sure Tom knows what he's supposed to do.
I'm pretty sure Tom lives on Park Street.
I'm probably going to be a little late.
I'm probably not the only one that needs to do that.
I'm probably the one who'll have to do that.
I'm proud of my father being a good cook.
I'm proud of the work I've done here.
I'm proud that my father is a good cook.
I'm proud to be working on this project.
I'm proud to have you on our team.
I'm putting all my effort into this project.
I'm quite certain I don't want to be married to you.
I'm reading the book that you gave me.
I'm reading the novel you gave me last week.
I'm reading things like famous novels which have been rewritten in simplified French.
I'm ready to start working whenever you are.
I'm really bad at doing stuff like this.
I'm really bad with names, but I never forget a face.
I'm really busy today, otherwise I would accept.
I'm really glad I was asked to do that.
I'm really glad you're here, Tom. Thank you.
I'm really hungry. I haven't eaten all week.
I'm really hungry. Where can I find something to eat?
I'm really impressed with the way Tom plays the saxophone.
I'm really looking forward to my birthday party.
I'm really looking forward to relaxing this weekend.
I'm really not that worried about what might happen.
I'm really not up on recent TV shows.
I'm really sorry I wasn't able to help.
I'm really sorry that I wasn't able to help.
I'm really sorry, but I seem to have misplaced your scarf.
I'm really tired and want to go to bed early.
I'm really tired, but I can't fall asleep.
I'm right in the middle of doing something.
I'm satisfied with everything and don't want to change anything.
I'm saving my money to buy a house.
I'm saving up money to buy a car.
I'm saving up to buy a new car.
I'm scared too, so I'm not going to go.
I'm secretly in love with someone else's wife.
I'm sending you a birthday present by airmail.
I'm sick and tired of all this bickering.
I'm sick and tired of eating zucchinis every day.
I'm sick of doing the same thing every day.
I'm sick of hearing the same thing all the time.
I'm sitting in the sun, but I'm still cold.
I'm sleepy because I stayed up all night studying for a test.
I'm so drunk now that I'm seeing two keyboards.
I'm so drunk that I can't feel my face anymore.
I'm so grateful to you for this opportunity.
I'm so happy to finally be back home.
I'm so happy, I feel like I could fly.
I'm so mad I want to scream and break everything!
I'm so sorry that I lied to you.
I'm so sorry to have kept you waiting.
I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to kick you.
I'm so tired that I can hardly walk.
I'm so tired that I can't go on.
I'm so tired that I can't walk any longer.
I'm so tired that I'm going to bed as soon as I get home.
I'm sorry about the way I acted last night.
I'm sorry for all the pain I caused you.
I'm sorry for calling so late. I just wanted to hear your voice.
I'm sorry for everything I've done to you.
I'm sorry for my terrible French. I'm still a beginner.
I'm sorry for not being more supportive when you needed me to be.
I'm sorry for the pain I caused you and your family.
I'm sorry for what I said. I was out of line.
I'm sorry I can't be of more help.
I'm sorry I couldn't write to you sooner.
I'm sorry I didn't make it to your party.
I'm sorry I didn't reply to you sooner.
I'm sorry I don't have my watch with me.
I'm sorry I forced you to do that.
I'm sorry I forgot to wake you up.
I'm sorry I had to leave you alone.
I'm sorry I had to lie to you.
I'm sorry I have no pencil to write with.
I'm sorry I made you wait so long.
I'm sorry I opened your mail by mistake.
I'm sorry I wasn't able to see you when you came by today.
I'm sorry if I spoke out of turn.
I'm sorry if I've caused you any trouble.
I'm sorry if my being here embarrasses you.
I'm sorry if this is a stupid question.
I'm sorry I'm such a big disappointment to you.
I'm sorry it had to be done this way.
I'm sorry I've kept you waiting so long.
I'm sorry that I acted like a jerk.
I'm sorry that I can't be of more help.
I'm sorry that I can't be who you want me to be.
I'm sorry that I can't meet you tonight.
I'm sorry that I couldn't write to you sooner.
I'm sorry that I didn't call last night.
I'm sorry that I didn't email you sooner.
I'm sorry that I didn't keep my promise.
I'm sorry that I didn't reply to you sooner.
I'm sorry that I dragged you into this.
I'm sorry that I had to leave you alone.
I'm sorry that I haven't been able to be here for you.
I'm sorry that I was rude to you.
I'm sorry that I'm calling you at work.
I'm sorry that it had to be done this way.
I'm sorry that I've caused so many problems.
I'm sorry that I've made you so unhappy.
I'm sorry that we can't stay any longer.
I'm sorry that you couldn't come with us.
I'm sorry that you got dragged into this.
I'm sorry to be so late. The meeting completely slipped my mind.
I'm sorry to bother you at a time like this.
I'm sorry to bother you, but we've got a small problem.
I'm sorry to call you so late at night.
I'm sorry to cause you all this trouble.
I'm sorry to disturb you while you're talking.
I'm sorry to disturb you, but there's a phone call for you.
I'm sorry to have kept you waiting for such a long time.
I'm sorry to have kept you waiting so long.
I'm sorry to hear that your father passed away.
I'm sorry to interrupt you while you're talking.
I'm sorry to say, but the service isn't very good.
I'm sorry, but could you move over a bit so I have room to sit?
I'm sorry, but I already have a boyfriend.
I'm sorry, but I already have a girlfriend.
I'm sorry, but I already have other plans.
I'm sorry, but I can't answer right away.
I'm sorry, but I can't attend the meeting in person.
I'm sorry, but I can't eat dinner with you.
I'm sorry, but I can't find the book you lent me.
I'm sorry, but I can't go with you.
I'm sorry, but I can't hear you well.
I'm sorry, but I can't help you right now.
I'm sorry, but I can't lend you my car next weekend.
I'm sorry, but I can't put it into words.
I'm sorry, but I can't stay for long.
I'm sorry, but I didn't catch what you said.
I'm sorry, but I didn't know it was a secret.
I'm sorry, but I don't feel like going out today.
I'm sorry, but I don't have any small change.
I'm sorry, but I don't speak French very well.
I'm sorry, but I don't want to talk about it.
I'm sorry, but I have to go to the gym.
I'm sorry, but I really don't have time to do that right now.
I'm sorry, but I really have to go.
I'm sorry, but I think that you're mistaken.
I'm sorry, but my mother is out at the moment.
I'm sorry, but your names aren't on the list.
I'm sorry, but you're not allowed to enter.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to frighten you.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to startle you.
I'm sorry, I don't buzz in people I don't know.
I'm sorry, I don't know what else to say.
I'm sorry, I don't know what to say.
I'm sorry, I don't let in people I don't know.
I'm sorry, I don't understand what you're saying.
I'm sorry, I forgot my homework at home.
I'm sorry, I forgot to do my homework.
I'm sorry, I know I was out of line.
I'm sorry, I left my homework at home.
I'm sorry, there's nothing more I can do for you.
I'm sorry. I didn't do it on purpose.
I'm sorry. I didn't hear you. I was focused on something else.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to imply anything.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to make you cry.
I'm sorry. I don't have a lot of time.
I'm sorry. I know I shouldn't have done that.
I'm sorry. I never wanted to hurt you.
I'm sorry. I wish I could take back what I said.
I'm sorry. I'll do anything to make this right.
I'm sorry. That was an error on my part.
I'm sort of in the middle of something.
I'm starting to get the hang of this.
I'm starting to get used to living here.
I'm starting to get used to the dark.
I'm starting to get used to the food here.
I'm starting to have fun on my new job.
I'm starting to think we'll never be able to do this.
I'm starting to think you enjoy being with me.
I'm staying at a hotel for the time being.
I'm staying at a hotel not far from here.
I'm still having the same dream about drowning.
I'm still not convinced it's going to work.
I'm still not sure I can do that.
I'm still not used to getting up so early.
I'm still waiting for Tom to do what I asked him to do.
I'm still waiting for Tom to pay me back the money I lent him.
I'm stuck in a rut in my boring job and need to do something new.
I'm studying French because I need it for my job.
I'm supposed to be the one helping you.
I'm sure a lot of people would agree with you.
I'm sure everything will work out for you.
I'm sure everything will work out just fine.
I'm sure he is holding back something from us.
I'm sure he mistook me for my sister.
I'm sure he'll be as good as his word.
I'm sure I can find something for you to do.
I'm sure I can find something for you to wear.
I'm sure I don't need to do that.
I'm sure I know more people here than you do.
I'm sure if you put your mind to it, you can do it.
I'm sure I'll be able to find it.
I'm sure I'll never remember all of this.
I'm sure it wasn't me who broke this.
I'm sure it won't be easy to do that.
I'm sure it wouldn't be too hard to find out who hacked into our system.
I'm sure it'll be difficult to do that.
I'm sure it'll be easy to find a place.
I'm sure it'll be hard to do that.
I'm sure I've met that man somewhere, but I don't remember who he is.
I'm sure I've seen that guy somewhere before.
I'm sure my parents won't let me go by myself.
I'm sure that he will take part in the contest.
I'm sure that I can overcome any difficulty.
I'm sure that I told you about that.
I'm sure that I'll win that tennis match.
I'm sure that this is a fresh water fish.
I'm sure that Tom is waiting for you.
I'm sure that wasn't part of the plan.
I'm sure that you can find something to eat in the refrigerator.
I'm sure that's not what you want to do.
I'm sure the police will catch the kidnappers.
I'm sure the police will catch the robber eventually.
I'm sure Tom doesn't want to be alone on Christmas Eve.
I'm sure Tom is going to be hungry when he gets home.
I'm sure Tom told you I was coming.
I'm sure Tom told you not to do that.
I'm sure Tom was just too busy to help.
I'm sure Tom will know how to do it.
I'm sure Tom will know what to do.
I'm sure Tom would be happy to help.
I'm sure we can figure out a way to get this done on time.
I'm sure we can figure out a way to get this done.
I'm sure we have a lot in common.
I'm sure we'll be able to manage that.
I'm sure you can manage on your own.
I'm sure you did what you thought was the right thing to do.
I'm sure you don't want to do that.
I'm sure you must have a lot of questions.
I'm sure you never told me not to do this.
I'm sure you understand why we can't do that.
I'm sure you would do the same for me.
I'm sure you would've done the same for me.
I'm sure you'll enjoy studying French with Tom.
I'm sure you'll figure out how to do that.
I'm sure you'll tell me what I want to know.
I'm sure your efforts will result in success.
I'm sure you've seen everything you need to.
I'm surprised I don't have to do what you have to do.
I'm surprised no one else heard the gunshots.
I'm surprised that I don't have to do what you have to do.
I'm surprised that she did such a thing.
I'm surprised that Tom doesn't know how to speak French.
I'm surprised that your family has a Japanese car.
I'm surprised they didn't have anything to do.
I'm surprised to see you smoking. You didn't use to.
I'm surprised Tom doesn't know how to sing at least one song in French.
I'm surprised Tom doesn't know how to speak French.
I'm surprised you didn't know Tom could speak French.
I'm surrounded by a lot of incompetent people.
I'm taking my son to the zoo this afternoon.
I'm telling you because I'm worried about you.
I'm telling you this because you're my friend.
I'm telling you this in the strictest confidence.
I'm terribly busy because the report deadline is near.
I'm terrified of being alone in the dark.
I'm the guy who gave Tom that hat.
I'm the one that pays all the bills.
I'm the one who asked you the question.
I'm the one who brought the subject up.
I'm the one who gave Tom his guitar.
I'm the one who got us into this mess.
I'm the one who knows what to do.
I'm the one who should be doing that.
I'm the one who should be doing this.
I'm the one who should be thanking you.
I'm the one who takes out the garbage.
I'm the one who talked to Tom about Mary.
I'm the one who turned on the lights.
I'm the only one here who can do that.
I'm the only one planning on doing that.
I'm the only one planning to do that.
I'm the only one who can do that.
I'm the only one who survived the accident.
I'm the only one who's able to do that.
I'm the only other person who can do that.
I'm the only person who can do this.
I'm the only person who knows how to do that.
I'm the type who gets nervous in front of people, so I'm bad at speech making.
I'm the type who likes to think things over very carefully.
I'm thinking about putting my house up for sale.
I'm thinking about visiting my friend next year.
I'm thinking of embarking on a new career.
I'm thinking of going somewhere for a change of air, since my doctor advises me to.
I'm thinking of going to Australia for Christmas.
I'm thinking of going to Boston for Christmas.
I'm thinking of visiting you one of these days.
I'm thirsty. Can I have a glass of water?
I'm through with my work. Let's go out.
I'm tired and I want to go home.
I'm tired and I want to go to bed.
I'm tired of being at home all day.
I'm tired of being treated like a child.
I'm tired of being treated like a kid.
I'm tired of eating at the school cafeteria.
I'm tired of eating the same food every day.
I'm tired of eating the same thing every day.
I'm tired of hearing you moan and groan.
I'm tired, and I make a lot of mistakes when I'm tired.
I'm tired, but I still can't fall asleep.
I'm too busy to talk to you now.
I'm too old for this sort of thing.
I'm too short to reach the top shelf.
I'm too tired to concentrate on this problem right now.
I'm too tired to deal with this problem right now.
I'm too tired to do anything right now.
I'm too tired to do that right now.
I'm too tired to drive. Could you drive?
I'm too tired to go out for a run.
I'm too tired to ride my bicycle back home.
I'm too tired to think about that now.
I'm too tired to think about this problem now.
I'm trying to erase that from my memory.
I'm trying to figure out what you do for fun.
I'm trying to figure out what's going on.
I'm trying to find a lawyer to handle my case.
I'm trying to find a publisher for the book I just finished writing.
I'm trying to find out why it happened.
I'm trying to find the person who owns this guitar.
I'm trying to get in touch with my sister.
I'm trying to make a good first impression.
I'm trying to make my handwriting more legible.
I'm trying to make up for lost time.
I'm trying to move on with my life.
I'm trying to think of some ideas for this article I'm writing.
I'm used to being ignored by my parents.
I'm used to doing that in the dark.
I'm used to people not agreeing with me.
I'm used to Tom always yelling at me.
I'm usually in pretty good shape, but now I'm a little overweight.
I'm usually pretty good with faces, but I didn't recognize him at all.
I'm very busy so don't count on me.
I'm very grateful to you for your help.
I'm very happy for the both of you.
I'm very happy you'll be visiting Boston next month.
I'm very interested in listening to what you have to say.
I'm very much obliged to you for your kindness.
I'm very slow at making up my mind.
I'm very sorry I came home so late.
I'm very sorry that I came home so late.
I'm very sorry that I voted for Tom.
I'm very sorry, but there's really no alternative.
I'm very thankful for all that you've done for me.
I'm very thankful to you for your advice.
I'm very tired, but I can't get to sleep.
I'm very tired. I don't feel like taking a walk now.
I'm visiting a friend of mine in the hospital.
I'm waiting for an answer to my questions.
I'm way stronger than I used to be.
I'm wearing a sweater because I feel cold.
I'm well aware of the problems we face.
I'm well aware of who I'm dealing with.
I'm willing to give you a second chance.
I'm willing to help you if you want me to.
I'm willing to help you with your work.
I'm willing to pay you a lot of money to do that.
I'm willing to take care of your children, if you want me to.
I'm willing to try eating anything you eat.
I'm with exactly who I want to be with.
I'm wondering what'll happen if I push this button.
I'm wondering whether to take on that job.
I'm writing a paper on the French Revolution.
I'm writing to you on behalf of my mother.
Imagine if you started hiccoughing and you couldn't stop.
Immediately after it caught fire, the chemical factory blew up.
Improved medical technology has been one of the spin-offs of the space program.
In 1683, the Turks besieged Vienna for the second time.
In 1848, people came to California to dig for gold.
In 1860, Lincoln was elected President of the United States.
In 1939, as in 1914, the world was on the brink of war.
In 1958, Brazil won its first World Cup victory.
In 1964, Rev. King won the Nobel Peace Prize.
In 1967, Britain gave Grenada autonomy over its internal affairs.
In 1978 a peace treaty was concluded between Japan and China.
In 1994, there was a shortage of water and rice in Japan.
In a court of fowls, the cockroach never wins his case.
In a crisis, you must get in touch with your teacher.
In a democracy, all citizens have equal rights.
In a democracy, it is important that the press be independent.
In a few days, the baby will be able to walk.
In a few minutes, I have a meeting with the director.
In a sense, life is only a dream.
In a town with only one barber, who shaves the barber?
In a way you're right, but I still have doubts.
In accepting the money, he lost the respect of the people.
In addition to a thick fog, there was a heavy swell.
In addition to about 30,000 yen, the wallet contained his driver's license.
In addition to being a famous physicist, he is a great novelist.
In addition to being a pianist, she is a painter.
In addition to that, he failed the examination.
In addition to this, there are other reasons.
In all likelihood, it will rain this afternoon.
In all likelihood, the president will serve a second term.
In all likelihood, we shall be away for a few days.
In all probability, no language is completely free of borrowed words.
In all probability, we'll arrive before they do.
In America, cars drive on the right side of the road.
In American football, a touchdown scores six points.
In an emergency, use the stairway, not the elevator.
In any case, I must finish this work by tomorrow.
In any case, I won't change my mind.
In any case, I'll have to go there tomorrow.
In any case, I'll inform you when he comes.
In any case, it's none of your business.
In any case, this has nothing to do with you.
In any decision one makes there is a weighing of options.
In bad weather, one can easily catch a cold.
In baseball, the pitcher is the player who throws the ball.
In Britain, mince pies are traditionally eaten at Christmas time.
In case I can't come, I'll give you a call beforehand.
In case of a fire, use the stairs.
In case of a medical emergency, would you like us to contact someone?
In case of an earthquake, turn off the gas.
In case of an emergency, call the police.
In case of an emergency, contact the police.
In case of an emergency, get in touch with my agent.
In case of an emergency, push this button.
In case of an emergency, what number should I call?
In case of fire, break the glass and push the red button.
In case of fire, don't use the elevator.
In case of fire, please use this exit.
In case the shipment is delayed, we have special delay insurance.
In case you change your mind, give me a call.
In Christianity, Jesus is believed to be the son of God.
In clear weather, we can see the island from here.
In conversation, one is likely to find out certain things about the other person quite easily.
In doing anything, you must do your best.
In each beehive there can only be one queen.
In England, in the summer, the sun rises at about 4 a.m.
In everyday life we have many obligations and responsibilities.
In fact, gorillas have many of the same feelings that people have.
In fact, I don't want to know anything.
In fact, the opposite is more likely to occur.
In front of the university, there are some bookstores.
In general, little girls are fond of dolls.
In general, young people today are not interested in politics.
In her free time, she likes to be on the Internet.
In high school, French was my favorite subject.
In his free time, he likes to be on the Internet.
In his opinion, the plan is far from perfect.
In Japan a new school year starts in April.
In Japan people come of age when they are 20 years old.
In Japan, it is proper to bow when you meet someone.
In Japan, it's very hot in the summer.
In Japan, the new school year begins in April.
In Japan, there are lots of hot springs.
In Japan, there is no lake bigger than Lake Biwa.
In Japan, you never have to go too far to find a convenience store.
In judging his work, we must take his lack of experience into account.
In Kyoto, you can see both old and modern buildings.
In many cultures, men and women dress differently.
In Massachusetts, a man is not allowed to marry his wife's grandmother.
In most countries, teachers do not receive high wages.
In my city, the temperature is one degree above zero.
In my city, there is no school for learning Esperanto.
In my job I have to deal with all kinds of people.
In my opinion that isn't a good idea.
In my opinion, a well-designed website shouldn't require horizontal scrolling.
In my opinion, French is a hard language to learn.
In my opinion, it would be difficult to solve this problem.
In my opinion, it's not a good idea.
In my opinion, permanent peace is nothing but illusion.
In my opinion, that isn't a very good idea.
In my opinion, that's not a good idea.
In my opinion, we need to diversify our assets.
In November, olives are harvested from the trees to make oil.
In older people, wounds take a long time to heal.
In order to achieve that, you'll have to take risks.
In order to lose weight, it is best to take up some sport.
In order to serve you better, your call may be monitored.
In order to sprout, seeds need air and water.
In order to stay awake, I may have to drink more coffee.
In order to survive, Tom now needs a transplant.
In order to swim, you have to learn to tread water first.
In order to use a computer, you must learn to type.
In other words, he doesn't want to do it.
In other words, I don't like to work with him.
In our society, there are both honorable people and swindlers.
In poker, three of a kind beats two pairs.
In politics there are no friends, only partners.
In recent years, science has made remarkable progress.
In retrospect, I probably shouldn't have gone there with her.
In retrospect, I should have known that it was a scam.
In retrospect, I should've known that it was a scam.
In Rio de Janeiro, 20% of the population lives in slums.
In short, all our efforts resulted in nothing.
In short, he's run off without paying off his debt.
In Singapore, one way to punish a criminal is to whip him or her.
In space, no one can hear you scream.
In spite of our encouragement, he decided to throw in the towel.
In spite of the bad weather, they decided to go by car.
In spite of the fact that she was busy, she came to see me.
In spite of the heavy rain, he decided to go out.
In spite of the heavy traffic, I managed to get to the airport in time.
In spite of the heavy traffic, we arrived on time.
In spite of the hurricane, the ship reached port.
In spite of the language difficulty, we soon became friends.
In spite of the rain, I went out.
In spite of the storm, he went out.
In such situations, one must be patient and keep calm.
In swimming pools, water is continuously pumped through a filter.
In terms of salary, that job is fantastic.
In terms of the pay you will get, is this a good job?
In that respect, my opinion differs from yours.
In the automotive industry of the 1970's, Japan beat the U.S. at its own game.
In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth.
In the beginning, man was almost the same as the other animals.
In the cemetery, there is a statue of a snake biting its own tail.
In the city, large quantities of garbage are being produced every day.
In the desert, water is worth its weight in gold.
In the digital age, handwriting is slowly becoming a lost art.
In the early days of American history, blacks lived in slavery.
In the end, he recognized his own mistakes.
In the end, Tom had to bite the bullet and take responsibility for his actions.
In the end, we ended up eating at that shabby restaurant.
In the fall, many birds head for the south.
In the first place, it's too expensive, and in the second place, I don't like it.
In the first place, we must be careful about what we eat and drink.
In the first place, you should be punctual.
In the future, many workers will be replaced by robots.
In the future, you have to get here on time.
In the interim, I will serve as chairman.
In the land of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.
In the last typhoon, the wind blew at over 200 kilometers per hour!
In the light of what you told us, I think we should revise our plan.
In the mean time, let's have a sit down.
In the meantime, a lot of things happened.
In the middle of the table stood a vase of roses.
In the morning, I was woken up by the telephone.
In the near future, space travel will no longer be just a dream.
In the north, it's cold in the winter.
In the past, there was never this much snow.
In the polls, both parties are on par.
In the southern region, sales were up 47 percent.
In the speech, he referred to the strength of the company.
In the summer, days are long and nights are short.
In the summer, I go to the sea, and in the winter, to the mountains.
In the summer, people go to the seaside.
In the summer, the temperature ranges from thirty to forty degrees Celsius.
In the U.S., it is common for people to write a check instead of paying cash.
In the U.S., it is illegal to torture people in order to get information from them.
In the U.S., most people can vote when they reach eighteen years of age.
In the United States, cars drive on the right side of the road.
In the United States, Christmas cards with family photos are popular.
In the United States, school buses are yellow.
In the USA, opioids cause more deaths than traffic accidents.
In the winter, I like to sled down the small hill close to our home.
In their case, it was love at first sight.
In theory it is possible, but in practice it is very difficult.
In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. But, in practice, there is.
In these two or three years, he acquired a large amount of wealth.
In this case, I think he is correct.
In this case, the adjective goes before the noun.
In this company, there are more women than men.
In this course, we'll spend time helping you sound more like a native speaker.
In this day and age, life without electricity is unimaginable.
In this day and age, not too much surprises me.
In this town, there is only one train station.
In this word, the accent falls on the last syllable.
In those days, few people could travel abroad.
In those days, few people went to college.
In those days, he was still strong and energetic.
In those days, I made it a point to take a walk before breakfast.
In those days, I used to get up at six every morning.
In those days, I used to go to bed earlier.
In those days, I was still a student.
In those days, I went to bed earlier.
In those days, music meant everything to us.
In those days, music was everything to us.
In those days, sugar was less valuable than salt.
In time he'll come to see the error of his ways.
In time, all these minor problems will be resolved.
In two years, the company has more than doubled in size.
In Washington, no one knew what to expect.
In what country did you receive your immunizations as a child?
In what kind of situations would you do that?
In what kind of situations would you use that sentence?
In which folder did you save the file?
In winter, the roads are covered with ice.
In woodworking, we classify wood as hardwood, softwood or exotic wood.
Indeed you know a lot of things, but you're not good at teaching them.
India is one of the most populated countries in the world.
Industrial countries require a lot of skilled labor.
Industrialization had a great influence on the development of the economy in Japan.
Industrialization often goes hand in hand with pollution.
Industry as we know it today didn't exist in those days.
Inflation peaked at over 800% per year in October 2016 but dropped to 118% in 2017.
Information will be provided on a need-to-know basis.
Inhabitants were not permitted to enter the area.
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
Instant noodles are a staple among college students.
Instead of cutting down on cigarettes, why don't you just give them up?
Instead of eating vegetables, he puts them in a blender and drinks them.
Instead of fixing the problem, the company fired the whistle-blower.
Instead of going himself, he sent his brother in his place.
Instead of going myself, I sent a messenger.
Instead of going to Boston next summer, let's go to Chicago.
Instead of going to Europe, I decided to go to America.
Instead of going to school, he stayed at home.
Instead of taking a rest, he worked much harder than usual.
Instead of taking notes, I spent the whole class doodling.
Instead of taking the elevator, let's take the stairs.
Instead of watching television, the children played outside.
Interest will begin to accrue after the first year.
Introducing democratic ideas into that country will be a slow process.
Introducing foreign plants, such as palm trees can damage ecosystems.
Introverts often find it difficult to make new friends.
Investigators are running a probe into what caused the crash.
Investigators are trying to pin down the cause of today's fire.
Iran is the eighteenth largest country in the world.
Is a tomato a fruit or a vegetable?
Is eating a clove of garlic every day beneficial to your health?
Is everything that belongs to you in that chest?
Is he really the man you're looking for?
Is it a disgrace to be divorced with children?
Is it all right if I go home now?
Is it all right if I pay by check?
Is it all right to eat out tonight?
Is it all right to take pictures in this building?
Is it always a sin to tell a lie?
Is it always wrong to take a human life?
Is it convenient for you if I come at 6 p.m.?
Is it correct to say it like this?
Is it correct to say that the Qur'an is the bible of the Muslims?
Is it harder to forgive or to forget?
Is it impossible to live to be 150?
Is it more fun being a child or an adult?
Is it necessary for all of us to be there?
Is it necessary for me to attend the party?
Is it necessary for me to explain the reason to him?
Is it necessary for us to do that today?
Is it OK if I ask another question?
Is it OK if I ask you a few medical questions?
Is it OK if I ask you a few questions about your medical history?
Is it OK if I open a can?
Is it OK if I pay by check?
Is it OK if I turn off the light?
Is it OK if we change the subject?
Is it OK to drink alcoholic drinks in this park?
Is it OK to drink beer on your university campus?
Is it okay if I take a break?
Is it possible to determine the diameter from the circumference?
Is it possible to get on the next flight?
Is it possible to get there on foot?
Is it possible to land a plane on this island?
Is it really necessary to buy all this stuff?
Is it really necessary to save these letters?
Is it really necessary us to do this?
Is it really possible to do a brain transplant?
Is it really possible to predict an earthquake?
Is it really that hard to speak French?
Is it right for a doctor to decide when someone should die?
Is it safe to skate on this lake?
Is it safe to swim in this river?
Is it something you can get rid of?
Is it the right place to sign up for foreign language courses?
Is it too late for us to register?
Is it too late to change my mind?
Is it too late to get my money back?
Is it true that Boston is a popular destination for tourists?
Is it true that chicken soup will cure a cold?
Is it true that eating bread will make you fat?
Is it true that Tom and Mary are dating?
Is it true that Tom can't read or write?
Is it true that Tom has a twin?
Is it true that Tom was here all day yesterday?
Is it true that Tom won the race?
Is it true that you breast-fed all your children?
Is it true that you were on TV yesterday?
Is it true that you weren't here yesterday?
Is it true that you're going to study in Australia?
Is it true Tom can't read or write?
Is it true your girlfriend is a Canadian?
Is it true you're going to study in Australia?
Is it worth spending time trying to help people who don't want to be helped?
Is someone making you feel afraid when you are at home?
Is Sunday the first day of the week?
Is that all you have to say to me?
Is that all you wanted to tell me?
Is that all you wanted to tell us?
Is that really a road we want to go down?
Is that supposed to mean something to me?
Is that the man whose wife was killed in the car accident?
Is that the train I have to take?
Is that what you really want to do?
Is that what you think I want to hear?
Is that what you want me to say?
Is that what you wanted to talk about?
Is that what you were talking about last night?
Is that why you want to hurt me?
Is that why you want to kill me?
Is that your first name or your last name?
Is the cat on the chair or under the chair?
Is the GOP to blame for the current economic crisis?
Is the Loch Ness monster real or is it just an elaborate hoax?
Is the road wide enough for two-way traffic?
Is the school on this side of the river?
Is there a bank near the train station?
Is there a better way to do this?
Is there a big market for this kind of thing these days?
Is there a clause in the lease regarding that?
Is there a flower shop in the hotel?
Is there a garden in front of the house?
Is there a link between smoking and lung cancer?
Is there a particular way I'm supposed to address you?
Is there a photo shop in the hotel?
Is there a picture of Tom in that album?
Is there a problem I should know about?
Is there a rule that says I can't do this?
Is there a souvenir shop in the hotel?
Is there a washing machine in the house?
Is there also a paperback edition of this book?
Is there also a similar proverb in Japan?
Is there an easier way to do this?
Is there any chance of my borrowing your typewriter?
Is there any chance that you have eaten any of the contaminated food?
Is there any chance Tom will get arrested?
Is there any coffee left in the kitchen?
Is there any difference between your idea and hers?
Is there any mail for me this morning?
Is there any other way I can pay you?
Is there any place around here where I can rent a bicycle?
Is there any special news in today's paper?
Is there any way to offset those costs?
Is there any way you can un-shrink a T-shirt that has shrunk?
Is there anybody here who can explain what's going on?
Is there anybody who can drive a car?
Is there anyone else who wants to eat?
Is there anyone here who can explain what's going on?
Is there anyone here who can speak English?
Is there anyone here who can speak French?
Is there anyone here who knows someone in Australia?
Is there anyone who can pronounce this word?
Is there anyone who can speak French here?
Is there anyone who doesn't have one of these?
Is there anything certain you can tell us about Tom?
Is there anything else I need to know?
Is there anything else I should know about?
Is there anything else we can do for you?
Is there anything else you can tell me?
Is there anything else you can tell us that might help?
Is there anything else you want from me?
Is there anything else you want me to do?
Is there anything else you want to buy?
Is there anything else you want to know?
Is there anything else you want to tell me?
Is there anything I can do for you?
Is there anything I can do to help you?
Is there anything I can do to help?
Is there anything special you want to do this weekend?
Is there anything that I can do for you?
Is there anything that I can do now?
Is there anything that I can do to help you?
Is there anything that I can do to help?
Is there anything that makes your pain better?
Is there anything that makes your pain feel worse?
Is there anything that you want to tell me?
Is there anything to drink in the fridge?
Is there anything to drink in the refrigerator?
Is there anything we can do for you?
Is there anything we could do to help?
Is there anything you can do to help?
Is there anything you have to do today?
Is there anything you want me to buy for you?
Is there anything you want me to do?
Is there anything you want me to tell Tom?
Is there anything you want that you don't have?
Is there anything you want to add to what I just said?
Is there anything you want to ask me?
Is there anything you want to tell me?
Is there anything you want to tell us?
Is there going to be a party tonight?
Is there room for me in your car?
Is there room in your car for me?
Is there somebody sitting in this seat here?
Is there somebody you want to talk to?
Is there someplace around here that can fix a flat tire?
Is there someplace we could speak in private?
Is there something else you want to tell me?
Is there something I can do for you?
Is there something I can do to help you?
Is there something I can do to help?
Is there something I can get for you?
Is there something in particular that you want to drink?
Is there something in particular that you want to eat?
Is there something in particular that you want to hear?
Is there something in particular that you want to know?
Is there something in particular that you want to learn?
Is there something in particular that you want to study?
Is there something in particular that you want to watch?
Is there something in particular that you want?
Is there something in particular that you're looking for?
Is there something in particular you're looking for?
Is there something in the fridge we can drink?
Is there something that you want to tell me?
Is there something the two of you want to tell me?
Is there something we can do for you?
Is there something you want to ask me?
Is there something you want to tell me?
Is there somewhere in Europe you'd like to visit?
Is there somewhere we can talk privately about this?
Is this a good time to buy a house?
Is this another one of your harebrained ideas?
Is this going to cause us any problems?
Is this going to cost us a lot of money?
Is this ladder strong enough to bear my weight?
Is this new model available on the market?
Is this really what you want to do?
Is this the book you spoke of the other day?
Is this the car Tom told us about?
Is this the first time you've eaten Japanese food?
Is this the first time you've had this kind of problem?
Is this the first time you've had this symptom?
Is this the key you are looking for?
Is this the key your uncle is looking for?
Is this the only picture of her you have?
Is this the place where your mother works?
Is this the reason you didn't want me to come?
Is this the right way to the train station?
Is this the street leading to the station?
Is this to eat here, or to go?
Is this your idea of a good time?
Is Tom a common name in your country?
Is Tom eating an apple or a banana?
Is Tom going to be your best man?
Is Tom going to go with us tomorrow?
Is Tom the one who told you that?
Is your school far away from your house?
Is your stomach pain dull, sharp, cramping, or something else?
Is your suitcase as heavy as it looks?
Islam first reached China about the middle of the 7th century.
Isn't it about time you guys buried the hatchet and let bygones be bygones?
Isn't that what we were supposed to do?
Isn't that what you're here to tell us?
Isn't that what you're trying to tell me?
Isn't there anything that will make you feel better?
Isn't there something you want to say to Tom?
It all started on a hot summer night.
It almost scared me not to see you online for a whole day.
It always takes time to get used to a new place.
It annoys me when people do things like that.
It appeared that he meant what he said.
It appeared to me that he was very intelligent.
It appears that he was in a hurry.
It appears that he will win first prize.
It appears that she might change her mind.
It appears that the bank robbery was planned right down to the last detail.
It appears that the victim tried to write the murderer's name with his own blood.
It appears to me that she was wrong.
It appears to me that you are right.
It appears to me that you put on my hat by mistake.
It became clear that she had told a lie.
It began to rain and she got wet.
It began to rain before I got home.
It began to rain five minutes after I left home.
It began to rain, so he did not have to water the lawn.
It breaks my heart to see you crying.
It certainly feels like it's going to rain.
It cost $300 to get the car fixed.
It cost a lot more than I expected.
It cost a lot more than I thought it would.
It cost a lot of money to repair the car.
It cost him ten dollars to get the ticket.
It cost me 5,000 yen to repair my bicycle.
It cost me 50 dollars to have my watch fixed.
It cost me a fortune to get my car repaired.
It cost me a lot of money to build a new house.
It cost me a thousand yen to get my bicycle fixed.
It cost me one thousand yen to get the bicycle fixed.
It cost me ten thousand yen to have my television set repaired.
It cost me three hundred dollars to have my car repaired.
It costs $100 a night not counting tax.
It costs a lot to attend this school.
It costs more to mint a penny than the penny itself is worth.
It could be a trap. Don't let your guard down.
It could take years before this bridge is ready to use.
It couldn't have come at a better time.
It couldn't have come at a worse time.
It couldn't have happened at a worse time.
It depends on how much money you have available.
It depends on how much money you have.
It depends on how you deal with it.
It depends on the size of the chair.
It didn't escape me that Tom was contradicting himself.
It didn't snow as much as usual last winter.
It didn't take me much time to do that.
It didn't take the dogs much time to track down the wounded deer.
It didn't take very long for Tom to do that.
It didn't take you long to get here.
It does not have to be this way.
It doesn't bother me to walk in the rain.
It doesn't cost anything, but it takes time.
It doesn't make much sense to me, but Tom has decided not to go to college.
It doesn't matter if you do that or not.
It doesn't matter if you stay or not.
It doesn't matter to me whether or not I make money doing this.
It doesn't matter to me whether you come or not.
It doesn't matter to us if you take a photo from the outside.
It doesn't matter what excuse he gives me, I can't forgive him.
It doesn't matter what game he plays, he always wins.
It doesn't matter whether he comes or not.
It doesn't matter whether the cat is black or white as long as it catches mice.
It doesn't matter whether you come or not.
It doesn't matter whether you win or not.
It doesn't matter whether your answer is right or wrong.
It doesn't matter which team wins the game.
It doesn't matter who pitches, that team always loses.
It doesn't matter who says that, it's not true.
It doesn't need to be done right away.
It doesn't seem like it's going to stop raining.
It doesn't take long to get to his house.
It doesn't work so well because the batteries are running down.
It doesn't work so well because the battery is low.
It falls to you to put the finishing touches to this work.
It feels like I'm part of the family.
It feels like my mouth is on fire.
It feels like somebody's turned on the air conditioning.
It goes without saying that honesty is the best policy.
It goes without saying that honesty is the key to success.
It goes without saying that it was supremely difficult to carry out this mission.
It goes without saying that money is not everything.
It goes without saying that nobody can come between us.
It goes without saying that nothing is more important than health.
It goes without saying that smoking is bad for the health.
It goes without saying that smoking is bad for your health.
It goes without saying that time is money.
It happened in the blink of an eye.
It happened that the day was my birthday.
It happened that we were on the same bus.
It happened to me about a year ago.
It happens every day all over the world.
It happens more often than you would think.
It hardly ever snows here in the winter.
It has always been a pleasure to work with you.
It has been a long time since I saw him.
It has been her dream to be a university professor.
It has been over three years since I moved here.
It has been raining on and off since the day before yesterday.
It has been ten years since my father passed away.
It has happened before and it will probably happen again.
It irritates Mary when Tom leaves the toilet seat up.
It is 5 miles from here to Tokyo.
It is a great honor to meet you.
It is a great pleasure to be here.
It is a lot of fun to drive a car.
It is a pity that he can't come.
It is a pity that he died so young.
It is a pity that he has no sense of humor.
It is a pity that you cannot come to the party.
It is a pity that you cannot travel with us.
It is a pity that you can't join us.
It is a very difficult job for us.
It is a very popular destination for tourists.
It is abnormal to have the heart on the right side.
It is about ten minutes' walk to the station.
It is about the size of an egg.
It is about time you went to school.
It is almost impossible to learn a foreign language in a short time.
It is amazing that you won the prize.
It is an act of cruelty to lock a small child in his room.
It is an advantage to be able to use a computer.
It is as if the whole sky were on fire.
It is becoming important for us to know how to use a computer.
It is believed that whales have their own language.
It is better to be envied than pitied.
It is better to give than to receive.
It is better to have old second-hand diamonds than none at all.
It is better to take your time than to hurry and make mistakes.
It is bold of you to say such a thing.
It is by no means an easy job.
It is certain that he will come here.
It is certain that he will pass the examination.
It is cheap, but on the other hand it is not good.
It is clear that he knows the answer.
It is cold outdoors. Put on your coat.
It is colder this year than last year.
It is completely natural for her to be mad.
It is costly and politically difficult to continue this conflict.
It is crazy of you to put your life at risk.
It is cruel of him to say such things to her.
It is cruel to mock a blind man.
It is dangerous for you to swim in this river.
It is dangerous to fly in this heavy fog.
It is dangerous to jump onto a moving train.
It is dangerous to play in the street.
It is dangerous to ride a motorbike without a helmet.
It is definite that he will go to America.
It is difficult for beginners to enjoy windsurfing.
It is difficult for foreign students to speak English well.
It is difficult for him to solve the problem.
It is difficult for Japanese people to speak English fluently.
It is difficult for me to get up before six.
It is difficult planning meals for so many people.
It is difficult to ascertain what really happened.
It is difficult to convey the meaning exactly.
It is difficult to get him to do anything on the spur of the moment.
It is difficult to keep abreast of the international situation these days.
It is difficult to shoot a bird flying in the air.
It is difficult to translate a poem into another language.
It is doubtful whether he will come or not.
It is doubtful whether this method will work.
It is easy for a monkey to climb a tree.
It is easy for me to answer the question.
It is easy for me to solve the problem.
It is easy to add numbers using a calculator.
It is easy to knuckle down if you have enough motivation.
It is essential that every child have the same educational opportunities.
It is evident that he has made a mistake.
It is extremely hot and humid in Bali in December.
It is finally all over. Now we can relax.
It is forbidden for you to touch that switch.
It is fun to swim in the sea.
It is generally hard to adapt to living in a foreign culture.
It is getting darker. It may rain soon.
It is getting more and more difficult to make a living.
It is good for us to understand other cultures.
It is good for your health to take a walk every morning.
It is good to be kind to old people.
It is hard for an old man to change his way of thinking.
It is hard for me to believe this.
It is hard for the couple to live together any longer.
It is hard to adapt this story for children.
It is hard to win four successive games.
It is high time we went to bed.
It is high time you spilled the beans.
It is high time you started a new business.
It is high time you went to bed.
It is high time you were in bed.
It is human nature to be bugged by such things.
It is illegal to park a car there.
It is imperative for you to act at once.
It is imperative that we find another way out of this situation.
It is important for a nation to have an adequate mix of monetary and fiscal policies.
It is important for old people to stay strong.
It is important for them to do their best.
It is important that you attach your photo to the application form.
It is important to immunize children against polio.
It is important to know your own limitations.
It is important to understand that each country has its own culture.
It is impossible for a growing child to keep still for an hour.
It is impossible for him to do it in a day.
It is impossible for him to do it.
It is impossible for him to finish it in an hour.
It is impossible for him to give up smoking.
It is impossible for me to answer the question.
It is impossible for me to do so.
It is impossible for me to do the work in a week.
It is impossible for me to finish the work in an hour.
It is impossible for us to cross that river.
It is impossible for you to do so.
It is impossible to know what will happen in the future.
It is impossible to prevent this situation from occurring again.
It is impossible to put the plan into practice.
It is in this room that the summit will be held.
It is inconceivable to me that he would do such a thing.
It is interesting that no one noticed that mistake.
It is interesting to hear from someone in a different field.
It is irresponsible of you to break your promise.
It is just a year since I got married.
It is just like her to think of others before thinking of herself.
It is kind of you go out of your way to help me.
It is kind of you to do so.
It is kind of you to give me a ride.
It is kind of you to help me.
It is kind of you to say so.
It is less muggy today than it was yesterday.
It is life that teaches us, not school.
It is like looking for a needle in a haystack.
It is likely to be cold this winter.
It is more blessed to give than to receive.
It is morning. The children are eating breakfast.
It is necessary for you to go and encourage the girl.
It is necessary for you to go there immediately.
It is necessary for you to go there.
It is necessary for you to start at once.
It is necessary for you to start now.
It is necessary for you to stop smoking.
It is necessary for you to study harder.
It is necessary that we provide for the future.
It is necessary that you see a doctor.
It is necessary to have a license to drive a car.
It is necessary to prepare for the worst.
It is needless to say that an experienced person will do better than someone without experience.
It is next to impossible to go to school.
It is no accident that she won the first prize.
It is no exaggeration to call him a genius.
It is no use arguing with him about it.
It is no use arguing with such a foolish man.
It is no use asking me for money.
It is no use blaming him for the accident now.
It is no use getting angry at him.
It is no use trying to argue with him.
It is no use trying to convince him of that.
It is no use trying to play a trick on me.
It is no use trying to solve this problem.
It is no use your trying to deny it.
It is no use your trying to persuade him.
It is no use your waiting for him.
It is no wonder that she didn't want to go.
It is not appropriate for you to do this.
It is not as good as it looks.
It is not because I hate him, but because I love him.
It is not clear who wrote this letter.
It is not easy to be understood by everybody.
It is not easy to catch a hare with your bare hands.
It is not easy to distinguish good from evil.
It is not easy to find the way to the park.
It is not easy to get rid of a bad habit.
It is not easy to get rid of bad habits.
It is not easy to learn a foreign language.
It is not easy to solve the problem.
It is not easy to speak naturally on the radio.
It is not easy to understand why you want to leave.
It is not far away from the hotel.
It is not going to rain this evening.
It is not good to eat between meals.
It is not good to laugh at others.
It is not known when he came up to London.
It is not manly to speak ill of others behind their backs.
It is not my intent to hurt you in any way.
It is not necessary for us to attend the meeting.
It is not necessary for you to quit the job.
It is not necessary to bring a gift.
It is not outside of the realm of possibility.
It is not polite to point at others.
It is not surprising that he was elected mayor.
It is not too much to say that he is a genius.
It is not until we lose our health that we realize the value of it.
It is not until you have lost your health that you realize its value.
It is now necessary to add another rule.
It is often necessary to depend upon others.
It is often said that a good way to lose weight is to stop eating sweets.
It is often said that nothing is more precious than time.
It is one of the biggest summer music festivals.
It is our policy not to give out personal information.
It is perfectly natural for him to be proud of his son.
It is possible that he has had an accident.
It is preferable that he gets there by tomorrow.
It is probable that she will win the speech contest.
It is questionable whether this data can be relied on.
It is rare for him to get angry.
It is really time for us to go.
It is regrettable that I can't go with you.
It is regrettable that you did not start earlier.
It is rude of him not to give me a call.
It is rude to talk when your mouth is full.
It is sad that so few people give money to help the hungry.
It is safe to skate on this lake.
It is said that he is the richest man in the world.
It is said that he knows the secret.
It is said that he was very rich.
It is said that his father died in a foreign country.
It is said that Japanese people don't celebrate Christmas the way Americans do.
It is said that smoking is bad for your health.
It is said that the poor are not always unhappy.
It is said that the secret of long life is to have something to live for.
It is said that the taste of love is bitter.
It is said that there is no life on Mars.
It is said that treasure is buried in this area.
It is so dreadful that I don't want to think of it.
It is sometimes acceptable to resort to violence.
It is sometimes difficult to make yourself understood in public.
It is still unclear what caused the accident.
It is stipulated that we should receive a month's vacation every year.
It is strange that he has not come yet.
It is strange that he should say so.
It is strange that she should do such a thing.
It is strange that you should know nothing about the matter.
It is strange that you should know that.
It is stupid of him to behave like that.
It is surprising how many unhappy marriages there are.
It is the job that is never started that takes longest to finish.
It is the last straw that breaks the camel's back.
It is the price they pay for their years of over-eating.
It is time for her to go home.
It is time for me to take a vacation.
It is time for you to go to bed.
It is time you told her the truth.
It is Tom's ambition to go to the moon.
It is too cold for a picnic today.
It is too dark for me to read.
It is too difficult a problem for me to solve.
It is too expensive for me to buy.
It is traditional to wear black to a funeral.
It is true he is rich, but he is a miser.
It is true that he is young, but he is clever.
It is true that he is young, but he is very reliable.
It is true that he is young, but he is wise.
It is true that he won first prize.
It is true that I was head over heels in love with her.
It is true that she is pretty, but she is selfish.
It is true that she teaches French at school.
It is true that the earth is round.
It is two miles from here to the park.
It is uncertain whether he will agree or not.
It is up to me to tell the sad news to her.
It is up to you to apply for the job.
It is up to you to decide what to do.
It is up to you to decide whether we will go there or not.
It is up to you to see to it that such a thing doesn't happen.
It is useless to discuss the matter any further.
It is useless to go on strike now.
It is useless to try to persuade him to agree.
It is useless to try to remember all the words in the dictionary.
It is utterly impossible to finish the work within a month.
It is very careless of you to leave the door open.
It is very cold here all the year round.
It is very difficult to speak a foreign language correctly.
It is very hard to date this vase.
It is very hard to live up to your reputation.
It is very hot in the summer in Japan.
It is very important to obey the traffic rules.
It is very kind of you to come and see me.
It is very kind of you to give me your seat.
It is very kind of you to help me.
It is very kind of you to invite me.
It is very kind of you to say so.
It is very kind of you to send me such a nice present.
It is warm there all the year round.
It is wise of you to ask me for advice.
It is wise to save money for a rainy day.
It is wrong to think that men are superior to women.
It is yet to be seen whether this plan will succeed or not.
It is you who are to blame for the failure.
It is your constant efforts that count most in the end.
It is, even now, a book loved by men and women alike.
It isn't a bug. It's an undocumented feature.
It isn't a good car, but it's still a car.
It isn't a good idea to ask a woman how old she is.
It isn't a good idea to pick up hitchhikers.
It isn't a good idea to reuse passwords.
It isn't a question of what I want. It's a question of what's best for everyone.
It isn't a secret that Tom's opinion is different than yours.
It isn't a snake. It's only a piece of rope.
It isn't always easy to know a good book from a bad one.
It isn't anything like as cold as it was yesterday.
It isn't anywhere near as hot today as it was yesterday.
It isn't as cold here as in Alaska.
It isn't as cold today as it was yesterday.
It isn't at all difficult to do that.
It isn't clear what the writer is trying to say.
It isn't easy to find the way to the park.
It isn't easy to get rid of a bad habit.
It isn't easy to get rid of bad habits.
It isn't easy to learn a foreign language.
It isn't easy to understand why you want to leave.
It isn't easy to write a love letter in English.
It isn't good to read in a dark room.
It isn't how much you know, but what you can do that counts.
It isn't much, but it's better than nothing.
It isn't nice to keep a lady waiting.
It isn't nice to make fun of people with speech impediments.
It isn't possible to do two things at once.
It isn't possible to get away from your problems.
It isn't possible to live on that island.
It isn't really what I was hoping for.
It isn't safe for us to remain in this area.
It isn't something that I want to do.
It isn't Tom that Mary has been protecting.
It isn't too late to do the right thing.
It just seemed like the right thing to do.
It looked like everyone was having fun today.
It looked like no one could stop President Reagan.
It looked like you were going to fall off the ladder.
It looks a lot worse than it is.
It looks as if it is going to rain.
It looks as if it'll be another fine day today.
It looks as if it'll be nice again today.
It looks as if it's about to start raining.
It looks as if it's going to be nice again today.
It looks as if it's going to rain.
It looks as if Tom is smiling right now.
It looks fun. Why don't we try it?
It looks like I came at a bad time.
It looks like I made a lot of mistakes.
It looks like it's going to be sunny.
It looks like it's going to rain tomorrow.
It looks like it's just the two of us.
It looks like I've come at a bad time.
It looks like rain. We should close the windows.
It looks like somebody has ripped a page out of this book.
It looks like somebody was trying to pry open this window.
It looks like someone has ripped a page out of this book.
It looks like the data you lost on your computer is irretrievable.
It looks like the dog wants something to eat.
It looks like the party in power will win the upcoming election.
It looks like the party is winding down.
It looks like the thief came in through the window.
It looks like they have made up again.
It looks like they're satisfied with the result.
It looks like today isn't my lucky day.
It looks like today will be a long day.
It looks like Tom doesn't really want this job.
It looks like Tom is busy right now.
It looks like Tom is going to cry.
It looks like Tom is really enjoying himself.
It looks like Tom was able to get what he wanted.
It looks like we fell into a trap.
It looks like we might have good weather today.
It looks like we might have to do that.
It looks like we'll get there in time.
It looks like we're almost out of the woods.
It looks like we're going to be staying here tonight.
It looks like we're going to have a white Christmas this year.
It looks like we're in for some nasty weather.
It looks like we're running out of money.
It looks like winter is here to stay.
It looks like Yokkun's dad ran off with his nursery school teacher.
It looks like you did a pretty good job.
It looks like you had a tough day.
It looks like you just saw a ghost.
It looks like you want to say something.
It looks like your hard disk is fragmented.
It looks like your luggage is on the next flight.
It looks like you're having a great time.
It looks like you're trying to grow a beard.
It looks like you've got a green thumb.
It looks like you've lost a few pounds.
It makes me really happy that you're here.
It makes me sad to think of his death.
It makes me very happy to hear that.
It makes no difference to me whether he comes or not.
It makes no difference to me whether she is rich or not.
It makes no difference to me whether you believe it or not.
It makes no difference to me whether you come or not.
It makes no difference whether he comes or not.
It makes no difference whether the train is delayed or not.
It makes no difference whether you agree or not.
It makes no difference whether you go or not.
It makes sense to pay off your credit card balance every month.
It matters little whether he comes late or not.
It may already be too late for him.
It may be that he is not a bad man.
It may be that he likes his job.
It may be that he will never be famous.
It may be unwise of you to advertise your presence.
It may have been Tom that wrote this note.
It may have been Tom who broke this window.
It may have rained a little last night.
It may just be a matter of time.
It may not be a good idea to eat while you are running.
It may rain tomorrow, but we are going in any case.
It may seem like a good idea to you, but I think it's a little dangerous.
It may sound strange, but it is true.
It may sound strange, but what he said is true.
It means a lot to me to know that you want me to stay.
It means a lot to me to know you want me to stay.
It might be a long time before you see me again.
It might be better to address her as Doctor.
It might rain. We should take an umbrella.
It might rain. We'd better take an umbrella.
It might sound crazy, but I think I'm still in love with Mary.
It might sound far-fetched, but this is a real problem.
It might sound like I'm complaining, but I'm not.
It must be nice having someone who sticks around even when times get tough.
It must be nice to have friends in high places.
It must be really creepy to work in a morgue.
It must be very sad to bury a son.
It must have been difficult for her to knit this sweater.
It must've been difficult for you to do that.
It never occurred to him that she would get angry.
It never occurred to me that he loved me.
It never occurred to me that he might be an escaped prisoner.
It never occurred to me that I might be fired.
It never occurred to me that I might be wrong.
It never occurred to me that I might get arrested.
It never occurred to me that the whole thing might be a scam.
It never occurred to me that what I was doing might be illegal.
It occurred to him that he should start at once.
It only takes about fifteen minutes to walk to the station from here.
It only took us fifteen minutes to complete the job.
It pains me to disagree with your opinion.
It pays in the long run to buy goods of high quality.
It rained all day long yesterday, so I stayed home.
It rained so hard that the shrine was washed away.
It rained so hard that we decided to visit him some other time.
It rained yesterday, but it cleared up this morning.
It rains a lot in June in Japan.
It really annoys me when you do that.
It really is very difficult to do that.
It really is very hard to do that.
It reminds me of the good old days.
It reminds me of the good old times.
It requires a certain amount of practice to be able to walk on stilts.
It requires more courage to suffer than to die.
It saddens me to hear you say that.
It saddens me to see how much you've misunderstood us.
It says on the label to take two tablets.
It seemed clear the Senate would reject the treaty.
It seemed like a good idea at the time.
It seemed obvious to me that the plan needed a few revisions.
It seemed strange that the door was open when I got home.
It seemed strange to me, to tell the truth.
It seemed that he was short of money.
It seemed that Tom and Mary were sick.
It seems a cruel thing to clip a bird's wings.
It seems almost too good to be true.
It seems as if you are the first one here.
It seems like I'm going to have a hard day.
It seems like I'm the only one here who knows how to speak French.
It seems like it might rain this afternoon.
It seems like the cat caught the scent of a mouse.
It seems like Tom wants to talk to you.
It seems like we have to go now.
It seems like we just keep going around in circles, doing the same old thing.
It seems like we're going to be a little late.
It seems like yesterday, but it's actually nearly ten years since we first met.
It seems like you're in a bad mood this morning.
It seems like you're trying to provoke a fight.
It seems she is over thirty years old.
It seems that he believes what he said is right.
It seems that he has something to do with the matter.
It seems that he is unable to swim.
It seems that he took me for my sister.
It seems that no one knew the truth.
It seems that no one knows the truth.
It seems that our sense of direction is not always reliable.
It seems that she is not pleased with the job.
It seems that something is wrong with this car.
It seems that the computer was infected by a virus.
It seems that the elderly are having difficulties in using the Internet.
It seems that the only time he isn't eating is when he's sleeping.
It seems that the rainy season has set in.
It seems that the store is closed today.
It seems that there is something wrong with the telephone.
It seems that there will be a storm soon.
It seems that they took the wrong train.
It seems that they're bored of married life.
It seems that Tom is aware of that fact.
It seems that Tom is unable to solve the problem.
It seems that Tom is upset about something.
It seems that you aren't having a good time here.
It seems that you're not having a good time here.
It seems that you're not having fun in here.
It seems those two are made for each other.
It seems to me that he is honest.
It seems to me that I heard a noise in the attic.
It seems to me that she has a tendency to exaggerate.
It seems to me that she is a little selfish.
It seems to me that this is too expensive.
It seems to me that we should go now.
It seems Tom is aware of that fact.
It seems unlikely that the train will arrive on time.
It seems we are in the same boat.
It seldom snows in this part of the country.
It should be easy to solve this problem.
It should be stressed that we are often influenced by advertising without being aware of it.
It should only take a couple more minutes.
It should only take a couple of minutes.
It shouldn't come as a surprise to anyone.
It so happened that I had no money with me.
It sounds as if the government doesn't know what to do.
It sounds far-fetched, but it's not a lie.
It sounds like you had a great time.
It sounds strange, but it is true none the less.
It sounds to me as if he has something to do with the matter.
It started raining just as I was leaving home.
It struck me that the girl was trying to hide something.
It suddenly occurred to Tom that his car keys weren't in his pocket.
It takes 10 minutes to get to the station.
It takes 10 minutes to walk to the station.
It takes 165 years for Neptune to orbit around the sun.
It takes a lot of electricity to power a country.
It takes a thief to catch a thief.
It takes about 15 minutes to get to my office.
It takes about ten minutes to boil an egg.
It takes an hour to get there, at least.
It takes courage to do such a thing.
It takes fifteen minutes to walk from here to the campus.
It takes more than one swallow to make a summer.
It takes so long for my baby to fall asleep.
It takes time to heal from a divorce.
It takes time to speak a foreign language well.
It takes Tom an hour to drive to work each day.
It takes twenty minutes to walk from the station to school.
It takes two hours to go to school by bus and train.
It takes us five minutes to walk through the tunnel.
It takes us half an hour to walk to school.
It takes years to master a foreign language.
It takes you an hour to go to the station on foot.
It took a great deal of time to analyze the data.
It took a little longer than I expected.
It took a long time for me to do that.
It took a long time for me to get used to the noise.
It took a long time to accustom myself to the noise.
It took a long time to analyze the data.
It took a long time to bring him around to our point of view.
It took a long time to put out the fire.
It took a lot of energy to move the furniture.
It took a while to build this garage.
It took a whole month to break in those new shoes.
It took an hour and a half to control the blaze.
It took courage to do what Tom did.
It took courage to sail across the Pacific single-handed.
It took her a long time to choose a hat.
It took him a long time to take in what she was saying.
It took him a moment to realize where he was after he came to.
It took him several weeks to recover from the shock.
It took just a little over an hour.
It took me a couple of hours to solve this problem.
It took me a long time to do my homework last night.
It took me a long time to get over it.
It took me a long time to get over my last relationship.
It took me a long time to get used to the noise.
It took me a long time to recover from pneumonia.
It took me a while to understand what she was trying to say.
It took me almost three hours to finish my math homework.
It took me an hour to learn the poem by heart.
It took me more than a month to get over my cold.
It took me more than a week to put the model ship together.
It took me more than two hours to translate a few pages of English.
It took me only three hours to do that.
It took me several hours to draw it.
It took me several hours to translate it.
It took me several hours to write it.
It took me some time to calm down.
It took me some time to learn how to drive a car.
It took me some time to persuade her.
It took me three days to clean the room.
It took me three days to read this book.
It took me three hours to finish my homework.
It took me three hours to write the letter.
It took me three years to write this book.
It took me two hours to memorize this sentence.
It took more than a month to get over my cold, but I'm OK now.
It took one week to locate their hiding place.
It took only ten minutes to walk there.
It took Rei 20 days to get over her injury.
It took some 150 years of struggling for women to gain the freedom they have today.
It took ten years to build the amusement park.
It took them some time to get used to each other.
It took three hours for us to paint the fence.
It took Tom 10 years to finish his house.
It took us a week to locate their hideaway.
It took us days to track down the problem.
It took us half an hour to set up the tent.
It took us three hours to come to a conclusion.
It took us three weeks to build this shed.
It turned out not to be so easy to live with him.
It turned out that he was her father.
It turned out that the cards were stacked against her from the beginning of the game.
It turns out that I have a brother.
It turns out that the rumor was false.
It turns out that we didn't need to do that anyway.
It used to be nearly impossible to do this.
It used to be that a girl could only marry if she had a dowry.
It was a bad time for all of us.
It was a bad time for us all.
It was a blazing hot day in August.
It was a cold evening even though it was summertime.
It was a dreary day and Tom didn't feel like going out.
It was a dry year, and many animals starved.
It was a fine day and there were no clouds in the sky.
It was a fine day so I went on a picnic.
It was a fine day, so we went swimming.
It was a great privilege working with you.
It was a great tragedy for them to lose their only son.
It was a long war because neither side would give in.
It was a lot easier than I had imagined.
It was a lot harder than I had expected.
It was a mess in the department store.
It was a nice day to go to the beach.
It was a perfect day for a walk.
It was a pity that Tom couldn't come to our party.
It was a pleasant day, but there were few people in the park.
It was a pleasure working with you folks.
It was a real challenge for us to go down the cliff on a rope.
It was a ship with a crew of 25 sailors.
It was a shock to hear about Tom's divorce.
It was a vase that my son broke last night.
It was a very difficult story to write.
It was a very good experience for me.
It was a very slow train. It stopped at every little station.
It was a victory for the whole country when he finished first in the race.
It was a war no nation really wanted.
It was a warm day, so we went swimming.
It was a waste of time for all of us.
It was after a meeting in America that he decided to write a book for non-scientists.
It was almost a decade ago, on May 8th, 1980, that Mount St. Helens erupted.
It was almost noon when I woke up.
It was already dark when we arrived in the village.
It was an advantage having learned Chinese while I was in school.
It was apparent that he did not understand what I had said.
It was at that very moment that the bomb went off.
It was because he was sick that he decided to return home.
It was because of the storm that the trains were halted.
It was believed that the earth was flat.
It was believed that the sun went around the earth.
It was below zero this morning, but I cycled to school.
It was bound to happen sooner or later.
It was broad daylight when I woke up.
It was careless of him to make such a mistake.
It was careless of you to forget your homework.
It was careless of you to leave the key in the car.
It was careless of you to leave the key in your car.
It was cheaper than I'd thought it would be.
It was clear that she was not concerned with the matter.
It was clear what he meant to do.
It was cold, so I put on my jacket.
It was cold, so we lit a fire.
It was cool in the shade of the trees.
It was courteous of him to write a letter of thanks.
It was dark and I couldn't make out the license plate number.
It was dark and I couldn't see anything.
It was dark when I reached the hotel.
It was determined that faulty wiring was the cause of the fire.
It was determined that the plane crashed due to pilot error.
It was difficult for him to hide his pride in his success.
It was difficult for us to decide which one to buy.
It was difficult to keep up the conversation.
It was difficult to remove the coffee stain.
It was during the ice age that the saber-toothed tiger became extinct.
It was easier than it seemed at first glance.
It was easy for me to do so.
It was easy for me to do that.
It was easy to find seats on the train because there were so few passengers.
It was entirely by chance that I found out what he was doing.
It was evident to all of us that he was innocent.
It was extremely hot, so I took my coat off.
It was foolish of him to do such a thing.
It was foolish of him to waste his money on such trifles.
It was fortunate for her that her husband arrived at that moment.
It was found at the bottom of the river.
It was gambling that brought about his ruin.
It was getting dark, and, what made matters worse, it began to rain.
It was given to me by the Queen herself.
It was hard for me to sell my guitar, but I needed the money.
It was hard for me to turn down his demand.
It was hard for Tom to say no.
It was harder to do that than I thought it would be.
It was heartless of him to say such a thing to the sick man.
It was her wish to go to Paris.
It was his first trip as a captain.
It was his lengthy narrative that bored me to death.
It was his silence that made her angry.
It was his wish to go to Paris.
It was hot and crowded on the bus.
It was hot, so I turned on the fan.
It was impolite of him to do so.
It was impossible for the boy to swim across that river.
It was impossible to pull out the cork.
It was in 1912 that the Titanic sank during her first voyage.
It was in 1939 that the Second World War broke out.
It was in 1950 that he was born.
It was in London that I last saw her.
It was in the 1920s that a big earthquake destroyed Tokyo.
It was just 6 years ago that I visited New Zealand for the first time.
It was just a shot in the dark.
It was just an accident that we met at the store.
It was just something I read in a newspaper.
It was just the tip of the iceberg.
It was kind of spooky in the cave.
It was kind of you to do that for us.
It was kind of you to help me.
It was kind of you to invite us.
It was like a bolt out of the blue.
It was like something out of a movie.
It was like something out of a nightmare.
It was like that when I bought it.
It was lucky for you that you found it.
It was mad of him to try to swim in the icy water.
It was made to look like an accident.
It was Mary that bought this skirt yesterday.
It was me that was supposed to do this.
It was me who was supposed to do this.
It was more difficult than I had imagined.
It was more difficult to do that than I thought it would be.
It was much more difficult than we initially thought.
It was my turn to straighten up the room.
It was near the river that I lost my way.
It was never my intention to hurt you.
It was nice and warm inside the house.
It was nice of you to come all this way to see me.
It was nice of you to show up.
It was no use trying to take her to the hospital.
It was not clear what she really meant.
It was not difficult to pretend to be my mother.
It was not easy for us to find his house.
It was not easy to get a lot of money in a short time.
It was not in his nature to speak ill of others.
It was not long before he was appointed professor.
It was not long before we met again by chance.
It was not my intention to hurt your feelings.
It was not until I had a baby myself that I knew what mother's love is.
It was not until I left school that I realized the importance of study.
It was not until I reached home that I missed my purse.
It was not until recently that she changed her mind.
It was not until then that he learned the truth.
It was not until then that I realized my mistake.
It was not until yesterday that I knew her name.
It was not until yesterday that I knew his name.
It was not until yesterday that I knew the news.
It was not until yesterday that I learned the truth.
It was not until yesterday that I noticed it.
It was not until yesterday that we knew about it.
It was not until yesterday that we noticed the animal missing.
It was obvious to everyone that the marriage would sooner or later end in divorce.
It was obvious Tom didn't want to buy it.
It was on a Christmas when it snowed heavily.
It was on the morning of February the ninth that I arrived in London.
It was once thought that there was intelligent life on Mars.
It was one of the best days of my life.
It was one of the great discoveries in science.
It was one of the most incredible experiences of my life.
It was one of the most rewarding experiences of my life.
It was one of the worst experiences of my life.
It was only a kiss on the cheek.
It was only a suggestion, not an order.
It was only much later that I came to understand the importance of child education.
It was only supposed to be an interim solution.
It was only when I met him that I realized his true intention.
It was only yesterday that I realized what she really meant.
It was particularly bad this week. The train was late for two days running.
It was proved that he was a thief.
It was quite dark when I got home.
It was quite easy for me to carry the plan out.
It was quite easy for me to do that.
It was raining hard, but she insisted on going for a drive.
It was raining hard, so we played indoors.
It was raining heavily when I got up this morning.
It was raining off and on all day yesterday.
It was raining so hard that we decided to stay home.
It was raining so hard that we had to put off our departure.
It was raining when I got on the bus this morning.
It was raining when we left, but by the time we arrived, it was sunny.
It was rather difficult for me to make out what he was saying.
It was really considerate of you to lend me $500 when I was in difficulties.
It was really nice of you to stop by.
It was really nice to see you again.
It was silly of him to refuse her offer.
It was so cold that he was shivering.
It was so cold that I couldn't sleep.
It was so cold that I stayed at home all day.
It was so cold that we made a fire.
It was so cold yesterday that I stayed home.
It was so cold yesterday that I stayed in.
It was so dark that I couldn't see anything.
It was so dark that they could hardly see.
It was so hot I took my coat off.
It was so hot that I thought I was going to pass out.
It was so noisy that we couldn't talk.
It was so quiet you could've heard a pin drop.
It was so still that you would have heard a pin drop.
It was stupid of him to turn down her offer.
It was stupid of him to turn down his offer.
It was stupid of me to believe that!
It was stupid of me to make such a mistake.
It was stupid of you to believe him.
It was such a boring speech that I fell asleep.
It was such a cold day that there was nobody on the street.
It was such a cold day that we decided not to go out.
It was such a hard test that we did not have time to finish.
It was such a lovely day that everybody was feeling happy and cheerful.
It was such a pleasant day that we went for a walk.
It was such a wonderful movie that I saw it five times.
It was summer and the weather was warm.
It was sunny when we arrived, but rainy when we left.
It was sweet of you to do this for us.
It was ten degrees below zero this morning.
It was that dog that bit my hand.
It was the bad weather that caused his illness.
It was the best day of my life.
It was the best night of my life.
It was the best thing that ever happened to me.
It was the coldest inaugural day in the nation's history.
It was the court's finding that the witness committed perjury.
It was the driest June in thirty years.
It was the end of winter, and the weather was very cold.
It was the first time I visited the museum.
It was the first time that I visited the museum.
It was the great lung-power of Caruso that made him a great singer.
It was the greatest discovery in human history.
It was the greatest experience of my life.
It was the happiest day of my life.
It was the happiest time of my life.
It was the increase in population that caused the poverty.
It was the most harrowing experience of my life.
It was the most painful thing in my life.
It was the perfect moment for a kiss.
It was the proudest moment of my life.
It was the worst day of my life.
It was through his influence that she became interested in ecology.
It was to a great extent his own fault.
It was Tom that I was supposed to talk to.
It was Tom that told me this story.
It was Tom who helped us find Mary.
It was Tom who told me you were sick.
It was too muggy for me to get to sleep last night.
It was too nice a day to stay inside.
It was too windy to play in the park.
It was very cold last night, so we didn't go outside, but stayed indoors.
It was very cold, but I went out.
It was very cold, but we went out.
It was very different from what I had imagined.
It was very difficult to swim against the current.
It was very hard for her to suppress her emotions.
It was very kind of you to give me a nice gift.
It was very kind of you to lend me an umbrella.
It was very nice of you to say that.
It was very sensible of him to reject the bribe.
It was warm, so I opened the window.
It was when he was a child that he came to Japan.
It was where Tom said it would be.
It was wise of you to accept his offer.
It was wise of you to take your umbrella with you.
It was yesterday that I saw him walking down the street.
It wasn't any bigger than a soccer ball.
It wasn't as easy as I thought it would be.
It wasn't as expensive as I thought it would be.
It wasn't difficult to convince Tom to do that.
It wasn't easy to convince Tom to do that.
It wasn't easy to convince Tom to leave.
It wasn't exactly what I wanted, but I bought it anyway.
It wasn't hard to convince Tom to do that.
It wasn't necessary for you to do that.
It wasn't possible for the boy to swim across the river.
It wasn't Tom that Mary was angry with.
It wasn't until evening that the cannons fell silent.
It wasn't until I heard him speak that I recognized him.
It wasn't until yesterday that I heard the news.
It wasn't us who you saw in that car.
It wasn't very long ago that Europeans were burning heretics at the stake.
It wasn't where Tom said it would be.
It will be cold and the sky will be overcast.
It will be difficult for him to get up so early.
It will be finished in a day or two.
It will be some time before he gets well.
It will be some time before the economy will move out of the current doldrums.
It will cost you 10 dollars to buy the CD.
It will do you good to have a holiday.
It will do you good to live in the country.
It will make little difference whether you go there by taxi or on foot.
It will not be long before he recovers from his illness.
It will not be long before spring comes.
It will not make much difference whether you go today or tomorrow.
It will only take a moment to answer the question.
It will take a little time to get used to wearing a wig.
It will take her at least two years to be qualified for that post.
It will take me more than three hours to look over the document.
It will take some time before he understands it.
It will take time for him to recover from his wounds.
It won't be as easy as you think.
It won't be as fun as you think.
It won't be difficult for us to do that.
It won't be difficult for us to do this.
It won't be easy to sell this house.
It won't be hard for us to do that.
It won't be hard for us to do this.
It won't be long before he is up and about.
It won't be long before I come back.
It won't be long before my husband comes back.
It won't be long before they get married.
It won't be long before we can start.
It won't be long before we know the truth.
It won't be necessary for us to come back here tomorrow.
It won't be the first time Tom has been late.
It won't be the same here without you.
It won't hurt you to skip one meal.
It won't take long to finish the job.
It won't take me much time to do that.
It won't take them long to get married.
It would be a good idea if I went.
It would be a good idea to try doing that.
It would be a pity if you let this opportunity pass you by.
It would be a pity to let all our hard work go to waste.
It would be a shame to let all this food go to waste.
It would be a sin to waste it.
It would be best if we stayed out of this.
It would be best if you didn't do that.
It would be better for both of us not to see each other anymore.
It would be better for you not to ask him for advice.
It would be better for you to stay away from such a man.
It would be better for you to stay in bed today.
It would be better if we didn't attend that meeting.
It would be better if we didn't change our plans.
It would be better if you didn't drink so much coffee late at night.
It would be better if you didn't eat before going to bed.
It would be better if you read more books.
It would be better if you stayed in bed.
It would be better to be blind than to see that.
It would be better to park somewhere else.
It would be better to stay home today.
It would be counter-productive to do such a thing.
It would be crazy not to do that.
It would be crazy to do that again.
It would be fun to see how things change over the years.
It would be good to make a backup immediately.
It would be good to sleep, even for just a little bit.
It would be great if you could join us for dinner.
It would be great if you could sing for us.
It would be inappropriate to discuss that now.
It would be interesting to see if we could do that.
It would be nice if it stopped raining.
It would be nice if we could do that today.
It would be nice if you helped me a little.
It would be nice to have a party.
It would be nice to spend the summer in the mountains.
It would be prudent to worry about the details now.
It would be remiss of me not to mention the risks involved.
It would be sad if that happened again.
It would be sad if that were true.
It would be stupid to do that again.
It would be unfortunate if he were to fail.
It would be wise to focus on one problem at a time.
It would cost twice as much as that.
It would have been better if you had left it unsaid.
It would mean a great deal to me if you would stay.
It would never have occurred to me to say anything like that.
It would only be a waste of time.
It would seem that you know something that I don't.
It would take a long time to tell the whole story.
It would take at least three hours to do that.
It would take at least three hours to paint this room.
It would take too long to explain to you.
It wouldn't be the first time that has happened.
It wouldn't take all that long to explain.
It would've been nice if Tom had told us he'd be late.
It would've been nice if you'd helped me a little.
Italo Calvino returned to Italy when he was still a child.
Italy has some of the best art galleries in the world.
It'd be better if you didn't come today.
It'd be better to avoid her now, because she's violent.
It'd be better to die than live a life like that.
It'd definitely be worth it to expand on your idea.
It'd take too long to explain to you why it won't work.
It'll be a long time before she gets over her father's death.
It'll be better in two or three days.
It'll be dark by the time we get there.
It'll be difficult to do that with your arm in a sling.
It'll be difficult to glue the two pieces together.
It'll be easy to find a renter for this house.
It'll be easy to find someone to do that.
It'll be easy to find someone to rent this house.
It'll be finished in a day or two.
It'll be forgotten in a few months' time.
It'll be hard for me to wake you up.
It'll be hard to convince Tom to do that.
It'll be hard to convince Tom to help us.
It'll be hard to do that with your arm in a sling.
It'll be three months before our house is finished.
It'll cost you more to go by plane.
It'll probably take you about three hours to do that.
It'll save time if we cut across the field.
It'll take about a week to straighten out my affairs.
It'll take me 20 minutes to get to the station by taxi.
It'll take me a long time to do all the things I want to do.
It'll take me at least three hours to do my homework tonight.
It'll take some time to finish unloading the truck.
It'll take some time to get used to living here.
It'll take some time to get used to wearing a wig.
It'll take some time to shovel all the snow off the roof.
It'll take some time until we have enough money to buy a new tractor.
It'll take two hours to get there by bus.
It'll take us a while to analyze this data.
It'll take us three, maybe four weeks at the most.
It's a beautiful night for a swim, don't you think?
It's a bit cold, but it probably isn't worth putting the heater on yet.
It's a bit strange as far as I'm concerned.
It's a bit warm in here, isn't it?
It's a dog eat dog world out there.
It's a fledgling technology but it shows great promise.
It's a fort built to defend the town from invasion.
It's a fun way to pass the time.
It's a good half hour away from here.
It's a good idea, but is it worth it?
It's a good idea, to be sure, but it's hard to put it into practice.
It's a good plan, at least on paper.
It's a good thing that you showed up.
It's a good thing to read good books when you are young.
It's a good time to catch up with old friends.
It's a great honor to be able to meet you.
It's a great honor to have had the king visit our city.
It's a hassle to take the husks off of chestnuts.
It's a hassle trying to decide what to wear to the party.
It's a little late for that, isn't it?
It's a long way from here to school.
It's a lot easier to fall in love than to stay in love.
It's a lot more fun than I thought it would be.
It's a lot of fun skiing in fresh snow.
It's a lot of fun to be with you.
It's a lot of fun to listen to music.
It's a matter that concerns all of us.
It's a miracle that he survived the hurricane.
It's a miracle that no one was killed in the crash.
It's a miracle that Tom survived the accident.
It's a miracle that you were able to survive.
It's a myth that poor people are lazy.
It's a nice country to visit, but I wouldn't live there.
It's a nice day and I feel like taking a walk.
It's a nice day, isn't it? Why not go out for a walk?
It's a nice place, but I wouldn't live there.
It's a pity that he can't get married to her.
It's a pity that he can't marry her.
It's a pity that Tom isn't able to be with us today.
It's a pity that you can't travel with us.
It's a pity Tom isn't able to be with us today.
It's a pity you don't know how to dance.
It's a problem any way you look at it.
It's a problem we do not have any answer for.
It's a rainy day, so we can't play outside.
It's a real shame that Tom can't be here today.
It's a risk that I'm willing to take.
It's a risk we can't afford to take.
It's a secret. You can't let anyone else know.
It's a shame that the singer died so young.
It's a shame that you can't go with us.
It's a shame to stay indoors on a day like this.
It's a shame we weren't able to get to know one another better.
It's a shame you can't go with us.
It's a small noisy apartment, but it's where I live and I call it home.
It's a small town in the middle of nowhere.
It's a snap once you get the hang of it.
It's a ten minute walk to the station.
It's a town in the middle of nowhere.
It's a tricky task which requires a lot of patience.
It's a very small price for such an important victory.
It's a village in the middle of nowhere.
It's a waste of time to reason with a child.
It's a waste of time to stay longer.
It's a waste of time to study when you're sleepy.
It's about ten minutes from here to the station.
It's about thirty minutes from here on foot.
It's about time for our children to learn the real meaning of Christmas.
It's about time somebody did something about the high cost of medical care.
It's about time somebody did something about this broken door.
It's about time the government did something about pollution.
It's about time you went to the barber's.
It's about time you were independent of your parents.
It's ached before, but never as badly as right now.
It's all over for me. I lost my job.
It's almost always cheaper to buy things from a wholesaler.
It's almost seven. We have to go to school.
It's already 2:30 and Tom isn't here yet.
It's already eleven o'clock. I must be leaving now.
It's already eleven. It's high time you were in bed.
It's always cheaper in the end to buy the best.
It's always difficult for a son to live up to the expectations of his parents.
It's amazing that he won the championship at the age of nineteen.
It's amazing that so many people cross this street when the light is red.
It's an absolute waste of time to wait any longer.
It's an ill wind that blows no good.
It's an intriguing theory, but I don't see how it can be tested.
It's annoying to hear people talking loudly in a library.
It's as much an art as a science.
It's at least three hundred miles from here.
It's bad weather, to be sure, but we've seen worse.
It's because I was asked to come that I'm here.
It's because of you that I'm an invalid.
It's because of you that we were late.
It's been a long time since I had such a pleasant surprise.
It's been a long time since I last spoke French.
It's been a long time since I visited my grandmother.
It's been a long time since I've done anything like that.
It's been a long time since I've had a real vacation.
It's been a long time since I've heard that song.
It's been a long time since I've seen any dragonflies in this area.
It's been a long time since I've seen my family.
It's been a long time since I've seen Tom this happy.
It's been a long time since I've seen you smile.
It's been a long time since I've worn a tie.
It's been a long time since I've written anyone a letter.
It's been a long time since I've written anything.
It's been a long time since we last met.
It's been a long time since we last saw each other.
It's been a long time since we've seen each other.
It's been a pleasure doing business with you.
It's been a week, but I'm still suffering from jet lag.
It's been a while since I've done something like this.
It's been a while since I've eaten anything with mustard.
It's been a while since I've had pasta.
It's been a while since I've seen you.
It's been a while since I've studied French.
It's been ages since I saw you last.
It's been almost ten years, but you're as beautiful as ever.
It's been five years since my father died.
It's been five years since my father passed away.
It's been five years since we moved here.
It's been my dream since I was a little boy.
It's been my dream since I was a little girl.
It's been overcast for the past few days.
It's been raining heavily since this morning, so I don't want to go anywhere.
It's been seven years since we got married.
It's been snowing, but the road is clear.
It's been ten years since we last met.
It's been thirty years since we got married.
It's been three years since I began studying French.
It's been three years since I moved here.
It's been three years since I started studying French.
It's been three years since I started to study French.
It's been three years since I've seen Tom.
It's been three years since we got married.
It's best to make international calls person to person.
It's best we don't talk to each other anymore.
It's better for you not to see my grandpa.
It's better not to say anything about her to him.
It's better to attack than to let oneself be attacked.
It's better to be a winner than a loser.
It's better to be approximately right than completely wrong.
It's better to be crazy than to be boring.
It's better to err on the side of caution.
It's better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all.
It's better to retrace your steps than get lost.
It's better to take your time than to hurry and make mistakes.
It's better to wait for the police to arrive.
It's better to wait until the police arrive.
It's better to walk back than to get lost.
It's better to water the garden at night.
It's characteristic of him to behave like that.
It's cheaper if you order these by the dozen.
It's cheaper to order things by the dozen.
It's clear from his actions that he loves her.
It's clear that the passport is a forgery.
It's clear that there's a rather strong disagreement between the two.
It's clear they both want to spend time together.
It's clear they thought I was somebody else.
It's close to ten o'clock. It's about time we went to bed.
It's cold outside, but it's warm in the house.
It's cold. It was foolish of you not to bring your coat.
It's cold. Why are all the windows open?
It's convenient for me to see you at ten tonight.
It's convenient living so close to the station.
It's convenient to live so close to the train station.
It's crowded, so let's take the next train.
It's customary for waiters and waitresses to introduce themselves using only their first names.
It's dangerous for a beginner to swim here.
It's dangerous for you to cross the street when the light is red.
It's dangerous to climb a mountain in bad weather.
It's dangerous to expose babies to strong sunlight.
It's dangerous to jump off a moving train.
It's dangerous to lean out of the window.
It's dangerous to talk on the phone and drive at the same time.
It's dangerous to text while crossing the road.
It's dangerous to walk around here at night.
It's dark in here. Do you have a flashlight?
It's difficult for me to understand French when it's spoken quickly.
It's difficult to balance a ball on your nose.
It's difficult to feel at home in a foreign language.
It's difficult to get out of bed on cold mornings.
It's difficult to help people that don't want your help.
It's difficult to help people who can't admit they need help.
It's difficult to help people who don't believe they need help.
It's difficult to make up for lost time.
It's difficult to predict the outcome of the election.
It's difficult to put a price on a human life.
It's difficult to teach people what they're unwilling to learn.
It's difficult to understand why you want to go.
It's dirty work, but someone has to do it.
It's doubtful if we'll finish in time for Christmas.
It's easier to ask for forgiveness than to get permission.
It's easier to learn a new language when you are young.
It's easier to make plans than to carry them out.
It's easier to spend a lot than to save a little.
It's easy to be brave from a distance.
It's easy to cut cheese with a knife.
It's easy to get lost, so please be careful.
It's easy to give advice when you've never had any problems.
It's easy to lose your footing on loose gravel.
It's easy to see the fireworks from over there.
It's equivalent to sawing off the branch you're sitting on.
It's expensive to rent an office in downtown Boston.
It's fairly mild for this time of year.
It's foolish for you to swim when it's this cold.
It's foolish on your part to swim when it's so cold.
It's foolish to think that smoking has little to do with cancer.
It's fun to learn slang words in foreign languages.
It's going to be difficult for us to do that.
It's going to be difficult to do that.
It's going to be great and exciting to be there.
It's going to be nice to see everyone again.
It's going to rain. Look at those dark clouds.
It's going to take at least an hour to get there.
It's going to take me a while to get this done.
It's going to take time to work through that.
It's good for us to eat vegetables every day.
It's good for you, so please eat it.
It's good for your health to get up early in the morning.
It's good luck to see a shooting star.
It's good to get up early in the morning.
It's good to see that our efforts were not in vain.
It's good to see you up and about.
It's gotten dark. Please turn on the light for me.
It's gravity that makes satellites move around the Earth.
It's great that you were able to come.
It's hard for an old man to change his way of living.
It's hard for him to live on his small pension.
It's hard for me to express ideas through words.
It's hard for me to live on my small income.
It's hard for me to talk to Tom.
It's hard for me to understand French when it's spoken quickly.
It's hard to admit to yourself that you are a failure.
It's hard to be modest when you're the best.
It's hard to believe that it actually happened.
It's hard to believe that Tom wasn't aware that Mary was in love with him.
It's hard to distinguish you from your brother.
It's hard to draw a circle without a compass.
It's hard to figure out who's telling the truth.
It's hard to find a good job these days.
It's hard to find a good place to live.
It's hard to get a taxi outside the station.
It's hard to imagine a life without pets.
It's hard to keep up with his dirty deeds.
It's hard to learn a language on your own.
It's hard to predict what the weather will be like tomorrow.
It's hard to stay calm in a situation like that.
It's hard to support a family on minimum wage.
It's hard to swat a fly with your bare hand.
It's hard to tell the difference between the truth and lies.
It's hard to tell what's true and what's false.
It's hard to tell whether Tom dyes his hair or not.
It's hard to tell you and your brother apart.
It's hard to tell you apart from your brother.
It's high time the children went to bed.
It's high time you got married and settled down.
It's high time you left for school, isn't it?
It's horrible to get caught in rush hour traffic.
It's hotter here in the valley than in the mountains.
It's imperative that we do this right away.
It's impolite to eat with your mouth open.
It's important for parents to spend time with their children.
It's important for us to think about the future of the world.
It's important to eat three square meals a day.
It's important to get the carbon-to-nitrogen ratio right in a compost heap.
It's important to have an off-site backup of all the data on your computer.
It's important to take care of your skin.
It's impossible for me to explain it to you.
It's impossible to eat soup with a fork.
It's impossible to learn English in a month.
It's impossible to sleep with so much noise.
It's impossible to take on more work at the moment.
It's in times like these that the character of a person becomes apparent.
It's just a matter of time before someone is injured or killed.
It's just a short walk to the beach.
It's just as I hoped it would be.
It's just down the street on your left.
It's just possible that he'll eventually recover the use of his legs.
It's just your mind playing tricks on you.
It's kind of late. We should get going.
It's kind of you to drive me home.
It's like a weight has been lifted from my shoulders.
It's like being a kid in a candy store.
It's like Tom doesn't even know I exist.
It's mean of you to talk that way.
It's more interesting to travel alone than in a group.
It's more interesting to travel alone than to go on a group tour.
It's more polite to say thin than skinny.
It's my custom to go for a walk before breakfast.
It's my dream to have a son who'll take over my business when I retire.
It's my dream to win a Nobel Prize.
It's my duty to protect you from danger.
It's my turn to take out the trash.
It's my turn to tell you a secret.
It's natural for family members to help each other.
It's natural to be nervous when the plane takes off.
It's nearly noon and he's still in bed.
It's never too late to make amends for harm done.
It's next to impossible to finish it in a day.
It's nice of you to give me a lift.
It's nice of you to give me a ride.
It's nice to be a role model for others.
It's nice to be back in Boston again.
It's nice to finally meet you in person.
It's nice to just chat with you like this.
It's no good making the same old products year after year.
It's no use for him to try to find out the real reason.
It's no use pleading because they'll never give in.
It's no use pretending that you can't speak French.
It's no use thinking about one's lost youth.
It's no use trying to keep secrets from journalists.
It's no use waiting for him to come.
It's no wonder Tom's sleeping poorly; he drinks up to twelve cups of coffee a day.
It's normal for you to feel a bit woozy.
It's not a big room, but it's beautiful.
It's not a bug. It's an undocumented feature.
It's not a good car, but it's still a car.
It's not a good idea to ask a woman how old she is.
It's not a good idea to pick up hitchhikers.
It's not a question of what I want. It's a question of what's best for everyone.
It's not a secret that Tom's opinion is different than yours.
It's not a snake. It's only a piece of rope.
It's not always easy to be a woman.
It's not always easy to know a good book from a bad one.
It's not always easy to tell the difference between good and bad.
It's not always possible to eat well when you're traveling in this part of the world.
It's not as big a problem as you think.
It's not as cold here as in Alaska.
It's not as cold today as it was yesterday.
It's not as easy to do that as people think.
It's not as easy to obey as it is to command.
It's not as hot today as it was yesterday.
It's not at all difficult to do that.
It's not at all rare to live to be over ninety years old.
It's not clear what the writer is trying to say.
It's not easy to come by watermelons at this time of year.
It's not easy to find the way to the park.
It's not easy to get rid of a bad habit.
It's not easy to speak a foreign language.
It's not easy writing a love letter in English.
It's not enough to just say you're going to vote. You need to vote.
It's not every day you get a building named after you.
It's not fair to attribute your failure to your parents.
It's not going to be easy to finish this job on time.
It's not good to read in a dark room.
It's not hard to stand out when you're surrounded by idiots.
It's not healthy to stay in your room all day.
It's not how much you know, but what you can do that counts.
It's not known how many of them survived.
It's not known who first invented the wheel.
It's not legal to keep wild animals as pets.
It's not like you have anything better to do.
It's not like you're going to get arrested or anything.
It's not much of a surprise, is it?
It's not much, but it's better than nothing.
It's not natural for a mother to outlive her child.
It's not necessary for her to go there herself.
It's not necessary for us to do that.
It's not necessary for you to be here any longer.
It's not necessary for you to do that.
It's not necessary to write more than 400 words.
It's not nice to keep a lady waiting.
It's not nice to make fun of people with speech impediments.
It's not polite to interrupt someone while they're talking.
It's not polite to shout at people like that.
It's not polite to yell at people like that.
It's not possible to do two things at once.
It's not possible to get away from your problems.
It's not possible to get there by car.
It's not possible to live on that island.
It's not quite as difficult to do as it sounds.
It's not quite clear what's going to happen.
It's not really what I was hoping for.
It's not safe for us to remain in this area.
It's not safe to swim in that river.
It's not safe to text while you drive.
It's not something one should laugh about and yet they were laughing.
It's not something that I want to do.
It's not something that you can prepare for.
It's not such a big problem. You're worrying way too much.
It's not that easy to learn a new language after fifty.
It's not that I am unsympathetic, but I am not able to help you.
It's not that I don't love you, I just don't want to get married.
It's not that I don't want to go, I can't afford to.
It's not the sort of illness that puts your life at risk.
It's not the worst thing that could happen.
It's not too late to change your mind.
It's not too late to tell Tom that you love him.
It's not uncommon for people to give fake personal information when registering to use websites.
It's not uncommon to see Americans kissing in public.
It's not what he said, but the way he said it.
It's not what you do, but how you do it that matters.
It's not what you wear, it's how you wear it.
It's nothing more than a job like any other.
It's now time for you to go home.
It's obvious that he's not used to living on a tight budget.
It's obvious that Tom can't do it without some help.
It's obvious to everyone that he's a genius.
It's odd that there should be a light on in the office at this hour.
It's OK as long as it doesn't get windy.
It's OK to take a picture from outside.
It's OK with me if it's OK with you.
It's okay as long as no one finds out about it.
It's on the first floor of that building.
It's on the other side of the lake.
It's on this point that our opinions differ.
It's one of the best books I've ever read.
It's one of the best books I've read in years.
It's one of the dumbest things I've ever done.
It's one of the most polluted cities in the world.
It's one of the oldest buildings in Boston.
It's one of the things that I like about you.
It's one thing to make plans, but quite another to carry them out.
It's only a fifteen minute bus ride from here to the airport.
It's only going to take a few minutes.
It's only over if you let it be over.
It's only when I can't sleep at night that the ticking of the clock bothers me.
It's our duty to always obey the law.
It's out of stock, but I can give you a rain check.
It's people like you who give Boston a bad name.
It's possible that they haven't seen each other's faces.
It's possible that they'll go to the supermarket today.
It's possible that Tom isn't telling the truth.
It's possible that Tom was able to convince Mary to do his laundry for him.
Its principal exports are iron ore, rubber, diamonds, and gold.
It's quite clear to me that this is the truth.
It's quite difficult to master French in 2 or 3 years.
It's quite natural for him to think so.
It's quite plain that you haven't been paying attention.
It's rare for me to get invited to parties.
It's rare to find big yards in Japan.
It's rare to meet nice people like you.
It's really hard to choose the right color.
It's really not as hard to do as you think it is.
It's reasonable to assume Tom was the one who did that.
It's recommended that you change your oil filter every time you have your oil changed.
It's recommended that you don't write your passwords down where others might see them.
It's rude to ask someone how much they earn.
It's rude to point your finger at people.
It's rude to whisper in front of others.
It's rumored that they are going to get married.
It's safe to say Tom has had better Mondays.
It's said that nothing is more precious than time.
It's shameful to treat a child so cruelly.
It's six of one and half-a-dozen of the other.
It's so difficult that I've decided to give up trying.
It's so easy when you know the rules.
It's so hot outside that I want to spend all day in my air conditioned house.
It's so hot outside, you could fry an egg.
It's so hot that you could cook an egg on the hood of a car.
It's so noisy here I can't hear myself think.
It's so simple that even a child can do it.
It's so warm in this room that I'm sweating.
It's something I've wanted to do for a long time.
It's something my sister never wanted to do.
It's still early. We should all just chill for a bit.
It's still too cold to go to the beach.
It's still too early to talk about this now.
It's stuffy in here. May I open a window?
It's supposed to be the other way around.
It's supposed to get colder and snow later today.
It's supposed to rain every day for the next week.
It's surprising how many unhappy marriages there are.
It's surprising that you haven't heard anything about her wedding.
It's taking a little longer than I expected.
It's taking us way too much time to get this job finished.
It's thanks to his father that he owns this hotel.
It's the best book that I've ever read.
It's the best French restaurant in New York.
It's the dynamic interaction between the characters that makes this novel so great.
It's the first thing that I do in the morning.
It's the first thing that my father wrote.
It's the first time it's happened to me.
It's the first time that anybody said something like that to me.
It's the middle of the night. Why aren't you asleep?
It's the most beautiful thing I've ever seen.
It's the only one there is in the shop.
It's the only thing I can think of.
It's the sort of day when you'd like to stay in bed.
It's the sort of work that calls for a high level of concentration.
It's the story of a boy, a girl, and a cat.
It's time for me to get my eyes checked.
It's time for me to strike out on my own.
It's time for our children to go to bed.
It's time for us to change the system.
It's time for us to do something about that.
It's time for you to buy a new car.
It's time for you to go to bed.
It's time for you to make a decision.
It's time for you to start acting like an adult.
It's time for you to tell me the whole truth.
It's time to come clean about what happened.
It's time to get back on the bus.
It's time to get started with the Christmas shopping.
It's time to go to bed. Turn off the radio.
It's time to resolve this question once and for all.
It's time to say goodbye to your mother.
It's time to take the pie out of the oven.
It's time you told me the whole truth.
It's time you went to bed. Turn off the radio.
It's Tom that Mary wants to talk to.
It's Tom who can't speak French, not me.
It's Tom's turn to take out the garbage.
It's too bad she can't come to the party.
It's too bad you can't come with us today.
It's too bad you can't stay a little longer.
It's too big to fit in the car.
It's too dangerous for you to stay here.
It's too far to walk to the station, so let's take a bus.
It's too hot to go for a walk.
It's too late for me to change anything.
It's too late for us to back out.
It's too late for us to stop now.
It's too late to change your mind now.
It's too late to do anything about that now.
It's too late to shut the stable door after the horse has bolted.
It's too late to worry about that now.
It's true that he is in love with her.
It's true that she knows a lot about cooking, but she isn't a good cook.
It's true that today women have more rights, but before they had more power.
It's two miles from here to the station.
It's unfortunate that dogs and cats don't live as long as humans.
It's unlikely that a hacker could get into our website.
It's unlikely that I'll have time to finish this project before next week.
It's unlikely that that movie will make a lot of money.
It's unusual for him to get up early.
It's unusual for you to do something like that.
It's up to you to decide the matter.
It's up to you to decide what to do.
It's up to you to decide whether or not to go.
It's up to you to decide whether we'll go there or not.
It's up to you to get to school on time.
It's up to you to keep things running smoothly.
It's up to you to make the decision.
It's up to you whether to buy it or not.
It's useless. Don't harp on it any longer.
It's very big of you to admit you're wrong.
It's very cloudy. I think it's going to rain.
It's very dangerous to swim in this river.
It's very difficult even for a Japanese to put on a kimono.
It's very difficult to carry out that project.
It's very easy to learn how to swim.
It's very hard for me to trust anyone.
It's very hard to get rid of bad habits.
It's very hard to get rid of the cockroaches in our house.
It's very hard to see yourself as others see you.
It's very kind of you to help me with my homework.
It's very kind of you to help me.
It's very kind of you to invite me to your birthday party.
It's very kind of you to say so.
It's very likely that somebody will be waiting for us.
It's very likely that someone will be waiting for us.
It's very nice of you to do that for me.
It's very nice of you to help me.
It's very rude of you to say a thing like that.
It's very unlikely that a serious art collector would ever buy anything from that source.
It's warm today so you can swim in the sea.
It's way too crowded in here. Let's go somewhere else.
It's wrong to deceive people, but worse to deceive yourself.
iTunes has turned out to be a real cash cow for Apple.
I've already been working here for several hours.
I've already bought Tom what he asked me to buy.
I've already decided who to give my old bicycle to.
I've already done everything you've asked me to do.
I've already done most of what needs to be done.
I've already drunk half a bottle of wine while I was waiting for you.
I've already found somebody to do that job.
I've already gained back all the weight I lost last summer.
I've already gained back all the weight that I lost last summer.
I've already made amends to most of the people on my list.
I've already picked out the CD I'm going to buy next.
I've already picked out the next CD I'm going to buy.
I've already read the book you lent me.
I've already sent an email to the support department.
I've already spent all my pocket money for this month.
I've already talked about that more than once.
I've already told Tom he can borrow my car.
I've already told Tom I won't help him.
I've already told Tom that Mary isn't here.
I've already told Tom what he ought to do.
I've already told you I'm not the one who did that.
I've already told you that I'm not the one who did that.
I've already waited two hours. I can't wait any longer.
I've already wasted a couple of afternoons trying to get this car running.
I've already written everything that needs to be written.
I've already written my part of the report.
I've always dreamed of owning my own business.
I've always fed my dogs in the early evening.
I've always had complete confidence in your judgment.
I've always known that this would happen someday.
I've always thought you knew how to swim.
I've always tried to do the right thing.
I've always tried to keep an open mind.
I've always wanted to learn how to ride a horse.
I've always wanted to learn to cook like you.
I've always wanted to learn to play the drums.
I've always wanted to learn to play the oboe.
I've always wanted to live in this neighborhood.
I've always wanted to meet your younger brother.
I've always wanted to try to learn French.
I've always wanted to write a children's book.
I've asked myself that question a hundred times.
I've asked myself that question a million times.
I've asked you repeatedly not to do that.
I've been a ski instructor for three years.
I've been able to read since I was six years old.
I've been asked to forward this message to you.
I've been asked to give a speech about astronomy.
I've been asked to give this to you.
I've been asked to give you a message.
I've been asked to play my clarinet at a charity event.
I've been back for a week, but I'm still suffering from jet lag.
I've been back home for a week, but I'm still suffering from jet lag.
I've been bitten by mosquitos all over my arm.
I've been debating whether I should mention it or not.
I've been doing that for about three years.
I've been drinking, so I can't drive you home.
I've been dyeing my hair for the last three years.
I've been friends with Tom for many years.
I've been given permission to inspect this equipment.
I've been going out with her for months.
I've been going steady with her for three years.
I've been going to sleep around midnight lately.
I've been here a lot longer than you have.
I've been here a lot longer than you.
I've been here for a very long time.
I've been in Boston for less than a month.
I've been in love with you since kindergarten.
I've been keeping a diary in French for the last three years.
I've been learning French since I was a child.
I've been learning how to write kanji with a brush.
I've been living here for a long time.
I've been living here for the past ten years.
I've been living in Australia for three years.
I've been living in Boston for three years.
I've been looking all over for my shoes.
I've been looking for a girl like you.
I've been looking for a new job for a long time.
I've been looking for a place to live.
I've been looking for my keys all day.
I've been looking for someone to babysit my children.
I've been looking for them for more than one hour.
I've been looking forward to meeting you again.
I've been on a diet for three weeks.
I've been on the city council for five years.
I've been playing football since I was thirteen.
I've been playing soccer since I was fifteen.
I've been practicing law for over thirty years.
I've been put in charge of this project.
I've been reading this for a few hours.
I've been really lonely these past two weeks.
I've been riding so long I'm starting to smell like my horse.
I've been saving up to buy a new saxophone.
I've been searching for my puppy for weeks.
I've been sick for a very long time.
I've been so busy this past week that I've hardly had time to relax.
I've been spending a lot of time at home.
I've been studying French for a long time, but I'm not fluent.
I've been studying French for a long time, but I'm not yet fluent.
I've been studying French for a very long time.
I've been studying off and on all year.
I've been thinking about it the entire day.
I've been to Australia, but only one time.
I've been to Boston quite a few times.
I've been toiling away in the kitchen all afternoon.
I've been told that sitting for hours working on my computer is bad for my back.
I've been trying to call you all night.
I've been trying to contact you all week.
I've been trying to figure out this problem all morning.
I've been trying to find out who was responsible for the accident.
I've been trying to get a hold of you for the past two hours.
I've been trying to get a little exercise every day.
I've been trying to get in touch with you for months.
I've been trying to make an effort to come here more often.
I've been trying to put a little money in the bank every month.
I've been trying to reach Tom for a month.
I've been trying to reach you all day.
I've been trying to reach you all morning.
I've been trying to reach you for hours.
I've been very busy since I returned from abroad.
I've been very busy since the new term started.
I've been waiting for a friend of mine for an hour.
I've been waiting for almost half an hour.
I've been waiting for an hour and a half.
I've been waiting for her for an hour.
I've been waiting for him for an hour.
I've been waiting for such a long time.
I've been waiting for the bus for an hour.
I've been waiting for the bus for half an hour.
I've been waiting for the bus for three hours.
I've been waiting for this moment all my life.
I've been waiting for this moment for a long time.
I've been waiting for Tom for a long time.
I've been waiting for you a long time.
I've been waiting for you for a long time.
I've been waiting for you for over a week.
I've been waiting for you for three hours!
I've been waiting for you since two o'clock.
I've been waiting here for him since this morning.
I've been wanting to ask you a question.
I've been wanting to tell you this for a long time.
I've been working here for a long time.
I've been working since I was sixteen years old.
I've botched things up so bad I wish I could find a hole to climb into.
I've bought everything I was planning to buy.
I've bought some cream puffs. Do you want one?
I've changed. I'm not the same man I used to be.
I've come a long way to see you.
I've come this far, so I'll keep going.
I've decided to approach the problem from another angle.
I've decided to buy the blue car instead of the red one.
I've decided to join the volunteer fire department.
I've decided to quit my job at the end of this month.
I've decided to stay for a few more days.
I've decided to study French instead of English.
I've decided to try doing that by myself.
I've decided to weigh myself every day starting today.
I've done a lot of stupid things in my life.
I've done bad things that I should be punished for.
I've done everything I was supposed to do.
I've done everything I've been asked to do.
I've done everything that you asked me to.
I've done many stupid things in my life.
I've done some stupid things in my life.
I've done some terrible things in my life.
I've done some things I'm not proud of.
I've done that at least a hundred times.
I've done the best I could to help you. The rest is up to you.
I've dreamed about it since I was a child.
I've eaten a great deal of food this week.
I've explained all of this to you before.
I've finally found the woman I want to marry.
I've finished reading the book you lent me.
I've found a good job, away from the city and the noise.
I've found something I'd like to show you.
I've gained a lot of weight in the last three months.
I've gained a lot of weight since Christmas.
I've given this a great deal of thought.
I've given this quite a lot of thought.
I've given up on the idea of buying a house.
I've got a bad case of jet lag.
I've got a big week ahead of me.
I've got a bruise on my left leg.
I've got a class in a few minutes.
I've got a cold sore on my lip.
I've got a feeling that something is about to happen.
I've got a flashlight in the glove compartment.
I've got a friend who works for the New York Times.
I've got a funny feeling about that guy.
I've got a good reason not to like Tom.
I've got a great idea for a Christmas present.
I've got a hunch something might be happening tonight.
I've got a hunch that something might be happening tonight.
I've got a job and I don't want to lose it.
I've got a lot more experience than Tom.
I've got a lot of friends at the Department of Motor Vehicles.
I've got a lot of friends in Boston.
I've got a lot of problems I need to solve.
I've got a lot of things to do this week.
I've got a lot of work to do.
I've got a meeting I've got to go to.
I've got a question I want to ask you.
I've got a ton of work to do.
I've got all the time in the world.
I've got as much money as he has.
I've got better things to do in my spare time.
I've got better things to do than to sit here listening to your gossip.
I've got better things to do with my time.
I've got exactly 13 dollars in my pocket.
I've got little time for reading these days.
I've got mosquito bites all over my arm.
I've got my friend on the line right now.
I've got my guitar in the trunk of my car.
I've got my work cut out for me.
I've got no more than five hundred yen.
I've got no place to go, so I'm going to stay here.
I've got no reason to lie to you.
I've got pins and needles in my leg.
I've got plenty more where that came from.
I've got some business to take care of.
I've got some good news and some bad news.
I've got some ice cream here. Do you want some?
I've got some things for you in my suitcase.
I've got some things to take care of.
I've got to do what I believe is right.
I've got to figure out what I'm doing wrong.
I've got to finish my homework before dinner.
I've got to get away for a while.
I've got to get back home by midnight.
I've got to get back to the meeting.
I've got to get back to the office.
I've got to get this off my chest.
I've got to get you out of here.
I've got to go to another dreary meeting tomorrow.
I've got to go to the men's room.
I've got to hang up now. Someone is waiting to use the phone.
I've got to skedaddle or I'll be late.
I've got to stop eating such sweet ice cream.
I've got to talk to you about something.
I've got Tom's address somewhere on my computer.
I've got too much on my plate right now.
I've gotten tired of watching this boring game.
I've gotten used to going to bed early.
I've grown tired of watching this uninteresting match.
I've had a headache for three days and I can't get rid of it.
I've had a high fever for three days.
I've had a little bit too much to drink.
I've had a lot of fun so far.
I've had a lot of work to do lately.
I've had a lot on my mind lately.
I've had a scratchy throat since this morning. I wonder if I've caught a cold.
I've had a slight headache since last night.
I've had a slight sore throat since this morning. I wonder if I've caught a cold.
I've heard about it. Your parents disappeared, running out on their debt didn't they?
I've heard it said that you should never marry your first love.
I've heard of him, but I don't know him personally.
I've heard so many bad things about you.
I've heard that chocolate doesn't make fat. I wonder if that's true.
I've heard that decaffeinated coffee may cause cancer.
I've heard that in Germany beer is cheaper than water. Is that true?
I've heard that some people sleep in bathtubs.
I've heard that their marriage is on the rocks.
I've heard that you can kill werewolves by shooting them with silver bullets.
I've just arrived. I haven't even unpacked my suitcases yet.
I've just bought a new pair of shoes.
I've just come up with a great idea.
I've just eaten some sushi and drunk a beer.
I've just lost the best friend I ever had.
I've just put new sheets on my bed.
I've just renewed my passport, so it's good for another ten years.
I've just spoken to your French teacher and he says you're doing well in his class.
I've just talked to Tom about that matter.
I've kind of gotten used to living in a tent.
I've known her for more than twenty years.
I've known how to do that for a long time.
I've known Tom all my life, but now and again, he still surprises me.
I've known Tom for more than three years.
I've learned a lot in the past three weeks.
I've learned not to put much stock in what he says.
I've learned to live with the pain in my back.
I've lived here for more than three years.
I've lived in Boston most of my life.
I've lived in this town my whole life.
I've looked everywhere, but I can't find my book.
I've looked everywhere, but I can't find my purse.
I've looked everywhere, but I can't find my wallet.
I've lost a lot of money on the stock market.
I've lost my umbrella. I must buy a new one.
I've loved you since I first met you.
I've loved you since the day I first saw you.
I've made a first draft of my thesis.
I've made a list of foods that I can't eat.
I've made a list of things I'd like to buy.
I've made a lot of mistakes in my life.
I've made a lot of money doing this.
I've made an appointment to see the doctor on Monday at 2:30.
I've made peace with my maker. I'm ready to die.
I've made the same mistakes as I made last time.
I've made up my mind to become a journalist.
I've made up my mind to come up with a better solution.
I've made up my mind to give back all the money I stole.
I've made up my mind to learn how to play the harp.
I've met a lot of people who can do that.
I've never asked Tom to work on a Sunday.
I've never been able to talk to Tom.
I've never been in trouble with the law.
I've never been so embarrassed in all my life.
I've never been so frightened in my whole life.
I've never been so humiliated in my entire life.
I've never been the kind of person who complains about things like that.
I've never been to a professional baseball game.
I've never been to Boston. However, I have been in Chicago.
I've never been to New York, and my sister hasn't, either.
I've never been under so much pressure before.
I've never come across such a strange case.
I've never done this kind of thing before.
I've never felt so good in my life.
I've never felt this way about anyone before.
I've never had a friend like you before.
I've never had a friend quite like you.
I've never had a problem with this car.
I've never had such a large sum of money.
I've never heard her speak ill of others.
I've never heard him speak ill of others.
I've never made this kind of mistake before.
I've never met a man as stupid as you.
I've never met a musician that I didn't like.
I've never played this piece of music before.
I've never seen a bear in this area.
I've never seen a house without a door.
I've never seen a more god-forsaken stretch of desert.
I've never seen a yellow submarine in my life.
I've never seen anything like it in my country.
I've never seen anything more beautiful in my life.
I've never seen anything quite like this before.
I've never seen my cat act like that.
I've never seen one of those up close.
I've never seen so many birds at one time before.
I've never seen so many cars stuck in a traffic jam.
I've never seen so many good-looking men in one place.
I've never seen so many trees in my life.
I've never seen that kind of tree before.
I've never seen that man before in my life.
I've never seen this kind of thing happen before.
I've never seen Tom behave this way before.
I've never seen Tom do what you say he always does.
I've never seen two people so much in love as Tom and Mary.
I've never seen you cook. Can you cook anything at all?
I've never spoken to the old man who lives next door.
I've never stolen anything in my whole life.
I've never told anyone that before, not even my mother.
I've never told anyone that my father is in prison.
I've never told anyone why I have trouble sleeping.
I've never trusted him and I never will.
I've never trusted you and I never will.
I've never used a hacksaw before. Could you show me how?
I've never visited Kagoshima, but I intend to this summer.
I've never wanted anything so much in my life.
I've never witnessed so much debauchery in my entire life.
I've only had my driver's license for three months.
I've only lived in Australia for three years.
I've paid parking fines a number of times myself.
I've promised to go to Boston with Tom.
I've put a little bit of milk in my coffee.
I've put a new handle on the door.
I've put on a lot of weight since Christmas.
I've read about a hundred books so far.
I've read your book. It was very interesting.
I've reduced the amount of meat I eat.
I've said everything I was planning to say.
I've saved you a seat next to me.
I've seen my dog sneeze but never my cat.
I've something interesting to tell you that you might find surprising.
I've spent a lot of time in casinos.
I've spent all the money you gave me.
I've spent most of my life here in Boston.
I've spent most of my life in Boston.
I've spent too much time working on this.
I've spent way too much time thinking about this problem.
I've still got a lot of work to do.
I've taught my dog to sit up and beg.
I've thought a lot about what you said.
I've told them all that I was sorry.
I've told Tom why Mary ought do that.
I've told you a million times not to exaggerate.
I've told you a thousand times not to do that.
I've told you all you need to know.
I've told you everything I know about Tom.
I've told you not to call me Tom.
I've told you over and over again not to do that.
I've tried every diet that has ever been published and I still haven't lost weight.
I've tried everything I know to cheer him up.
I've tried to discourage Tom from doing that.
I've waited two whole hours. I can't wait any longer.
I've worked as a waiter for three years.
I've worn out two pairs of shoes this year.
I've written his address on the back of the envelope.
Ivory Coast is the world's biggest cocoa producer.
January is the first month of the calendar.
January is the first month of the year.
Japan declared war on the United States in December, 1941.
Japan does a lot of trade with Britain.
Japan does a lot of trade with the USA.
Japan had defeated Russia in a war in 1905.
Japan has caught up with America in some fields.
Japan has caught up with Europe and America in medicine.
Japan has changed significantly in the past 50 years.
Japan has produced more cars than ever this year.
Japan has undergone a drastic change as a result of industrialization.
Japan is a country that is completely surrounded by oceans.
Japan is a leader in the world's high-tech industry.
Japan is doing a lot of trade with the U.S.
Japan is hot and humid in the summer.
Japan is in the eastern part of Asia.
Japan is not what it was 15 years ago.
Japan is not what it was ten years ago.
Japan is now very different from what it was twenty years ago.
Japan is one of the greatest economic powers in the world.
Japan plays a key role in the world economy.
Japan should not spend much money on weapons.
Japan today is not what it was even ten years ago.
Japanese children are group members even when they are sleeping.
Japanese houses are built of wood and they catch fire easily.
Japanese industry has made great advances since the war.
Japanese is often said to be a difficult language to learn.
Japanese love to soak in a hot tub before bed.
Japanese should not forget that America is a multiracial nation.
Japanese women marry at 26 on average. It is no mystery that the birthrate is declining.
Japan's foreign aid is decreasing in part because of an economic slowdown at home.
Japan's trade surplus soared to a record high.
Jazz fusion is a combination of rock and jazz.
Jet planes fly much faster than propeller planes.
Job applications must be in by next Monday.
Jobs are hard to come by these days.
Jobs are hard to come by with so many people out of work.
John and Mary have known each other since 1976.
John F. Fitzgerald was elected mayor of Boston in 1906.
John is two years older than I am.
Joking aside, what are you trying to say?
Journalists are waging a sustained fight against censorship.
Judging from her appearance, she seems to be very rich.
Judging from his accent, he is from Kansai.
Judging from his accent, he must be from Kyushu.
Judging from his appearance, he may be a soldier.
Judging from his appearance, he must be a rich man.
Judging from his expression, he is in a bad mood.
Judging from the expression on her face, she was worried.
Judging from the look of the sky, it is going to snow.
Judging from the look of the sky, it may rain this afternoon.
Judging from the look of the sky, it will be fine tomorrow.
Judging from the look of the sky, it will clear up in the afternoon.
Judging from the look of the sky, we might have a shower before nightfall.
Judging from the look on his face, it seems that he has succeeded.
Judging from the sky, I'd say it's going to start raining soon.
Judging from what you say, he must be a great scholar.
Juggling is actually a lot easier than it looks.
Juggling is another thing I'm not very good at.
June is the sixth month of the year.
Jupiter is the largest planet in the Solar System.
Just a few days ago, we were so happy.
Just a moment. I haven't made up my mind yet.
Just a moment. I haven't made up my mind.
Just a second. This call might be important.
Just as he was going out, there was a great earthquake.
Just as I was about to go out, it started raining.
Just as I was getting the hang of things, they changed the system.
Just as the Americans like baseball, the British like cricket.
Just as there are few fat "old maids," there are few fat bachelors.
Just as we are talking, there was a loud explosion.
Just because he likes painting doesn't mean he's good at it.
Just because he likes painting doesn't mean he's good at painting.
Just because something is more expensive doesn't mean that it's better.
Just because something is possible doesn't make it a good idea.
Just because Tom said he didn't have a key doesn't mean it's true.
Just because you can do something doesn't mean you should.
Just between ourselves, I don't think he's going to succeed.
Just between you and me, do you love my sister?
Just by looking at your face, I know that you have good news.
Just do everything Tom tells you to do.
Just do what I tell you to do.
Just exactly what do you want me to do?
Just give me some time. I'm sure I can figure out how to solve the problem.
Just go back to where you came from.
Just kill me and get it over with.
Just listening to that song makes me think of you.
Just looking at a picture of food makes me feel nauseous.
Just observe your cat and you will get to know him.
Just out of curiosity, what do you expect to happen?
Just promise me that you won't do anything silly.
Just promise me that you won't do anything stupid.
Just promise me that you're going to be careful.
Just promise me you won't do anything silly.
Just promise me you won't do anything stupid.
Just promise me you're going to be careful.
Just pull the door shut. It'll lock by itself.
Just remember I dropped everything to be here for you.
Just stick around a few days and you'll come to love this place.
Just tell me the truth. I promise I won't get mad.
Just tell me this isn't going to get me into trouble.
Just tell me what you want me to do and I'll do it.
Just tell me when you want to leave.
Just then I heard footsteps in the stairwell.
Just think about how you'd feel in a similar situation.
Just think what it could do for you.
Just throw your bicycle in the back of the truck and I'll drive you home.
Just to be on the safe side, why don't you take an umbrella with you?
Just wait a little please. He hasn't arrived yet.
Just when I was about to phone her, a letter arrived from her.
Justice will be served, whether here or in the hereafter.
Kansas is smack dab in the middle of the US.
Kazakhstan is landlocked and depends on Russia to export its oil to Europe.
Keep a box of baking soda in the fridge to keep it smelling clean.
Keep all medicines out of reach of children.
Keep an eye on my bag while I buy a ticket.
Keep an eye on my suitcase while I buy my ticket.
Keep an eye on my suitcase while I buy the tickets.
Keep an eye on the baby while I'm away.
Keep an eye on the boys. They're mischievous.
Keep an eye on the child for me for a moment.
Keep in mind that smoking is not good for your health.
Keep it in mind for the next time.
Keep the engine running. I'll be right back.
Keep your dog chained up to the tree.
Keep your door locked and don't let anyone in.
Keep your hands where I can see them.
Keep your room as neat as you can.
Keeping a diary also gives us a chance to reflect on our daily life.
Kids are building sand castles on the beach.
Kids wake up early in the morning to open their presents on Christmas.
Kissing a person who smokes is like licking an ashtray.
Kissing a smoker is like licking an ashtray.
Kissing one's spouse in public is considered acceptable behavior in some countries.
Knock on the door before entering the room.
Kublai Khan is the grandson of Genghis Khan.
Kunihiko hit the target with his first shot.
Kyoto gets lots of visitors from all over the world.
Kyoto gets thousands of visitors from all over the world each year.
Kyoto is famous for its shrines and temples.
Kyoto is internationally famous for its scenic beauty.
Kyowa Bank and Saitama Bank merged into Asahi Bank ten years ago.
Ladies and gentlemen, I would like you to listen to my opinion.
Lake Baikal in Russia is the deepest lake in the world.
Lake Biwa could be seen from where we were standing.
Lake Biwa is the largest lake in Japan.
Lake Geneva is the largest lake in Switzerland.
Lake Titicaca, the biggest lake in South America, is in Peru.
Language is the means by which people communicate with others.
Large amounts of money were spent on the new bridge.
Large catches of squid are a sign of a coming earthquake.
Laser printers are generally cheaper to maintain than inkjet printers.
Laser printers are generally less expensive to maintain than ink jet printers.
Laser surgery can fix some kinds of vision problems.
Last month he had his house painted white.
Last night an explosion took place at a fireworks factory.
Last night it was so hot that I couldn't sleep well.
Last night my daughter didn't come home until half past one.
Last night my house was robbed while I was still awake.
Last night someone broke into the small shop near my house.
Last night there was a fire in the neighborhood.
Last night there was a fire near here, and I couldn't sleep.
Last night there was still snow on the ground, but this morning it's all melted.
Last night was very hot and muggy, so I didn't sleep so well.
Last night, I was so tired that I fell asleep with the TV on.
Last night, I went to bed without brushing my teeth.
Last night, we attended a classical music concert.
Last night, we heard sounds of gunshots and screaming on the street outside our window.
Last night, we looked at the stars from the rooftop.
Last summer I had a chance to visit London.
Last summer, I had a chance to go to Boston, but I didn't go.
Last summer, I spent three weeks in Boston.
Last summer, I worked part time on a farm.
Last summer, I worked part time on the farm.
Last Sunday, Mary and I went to the library together.
Last week I was at the beach, but today I'm home.
Last week I was in Boston with my wife.
Last week my mother came down with the flu.
Last week our fridge broke which forced us to eat lots of ice cream.
Last week she gave birth to a beautiful daughter.
Last week's meeting was the longest we have had this year.
Last winter, I went to Canada to ski.
Last year saw a big political change in Japan.
Last year there was a lot of snow.
Last year was a period of economic uncertainty.
Last year, I couldn't spend as much time with my children as I wanted to.
Last year, I decided to come to Japan.
Last year, I traveled abroad with a friend.
Last year, incomes rose for all races, all age groups, for men and for women.
Last year, the company was sold to private investors.
Latex is a natural ingredient that comes from rubber trees.
Laws differ from state to state in the United States.
Lawyers and auto mechanics are the people I trust the least.
Lay your cards on the table and give me a straight answer!
Learning a foreign language is a waste of time.
Learning French takes longer than most people think.
Learning to speak a foreign language well takes time.
Leatherback turtles can weigh more than a thousand pounds.
Leave a margin on the paper when you write.
Leave me a message and I'll call you back.
Leave me alone and I'll leave you alone.
Leave me alone or I'll call the police.
Leave me alone! I'm not your wife anymore.
Leave us alone and we'll leave you alone.
Leave your hat and overcoat in the hall.
Leaves are to plants what lungs are to animals.
Leaving something unfinished is the worst thing you can do.
Left alone, the little girl began to cry.
Legend has it that this house is haunted.
Lend him as much money as he needs.
Lend me as much money as you can.
Lend me the binoculars so I can see it better.
Let me be the first to congratulate you.
Let me be the one to help you.
Let me congratulate you on your victory in the tournament.
Let me explain to you how this works.
Let me get my lawyer on the phone.
Let me give you a bit of advice.
Let me give you a lift as far as the station.
Let me give you a piece of advice.
Let me give you a ride to the station.
Let me give you some examples of imperative sentences.
Let me give you something to remember me by.
Let me go tell Tom that you're here.
Let me have a look at it, will you?
Let me have a look at those photos.
Let me heat it up some leftovers for you.
Let me help you put on your coat.
Let me help you. Your bag looks very heavy.
Let me help you. Your bags look very heavy.
Let me in. I have to talk to you.
Let me introduce you to a good dentist.
Let me introduce you to a new way of doing that.
Let me introduce you to the rest of the team.
Let me know about the result of the exam.
Let me know as soon as he comes back.
Let me know as soon as he comes.
Let me know as soon as you know.
Let me know if I need to make any changes.
Let me know if there is anything I can do.
Let me know if there's anything I can do.
Let me know if you can make it tomorrow.
Let me know if you change your mind.
Let me know if you need any help.
Let me know the days when you can come.
Let me know the moment Tom wakes up.
Let me know the result as soon as you can.
Let me know what I can do to help.
Let me know what you want to do.
Let me know when you get the package.
Let me know when you're going to leave.
Let me make sure your leg isn't broken.
Let me make you a cup of hot coffee.
Let me off at the train station, please.
Let me put this in perspective for you.
Let me read the paper when you have finished with it.
Let me say a few words by way of apology.
Let me see what I can do about that.
Let me see what you have in your pocket.
Let me see what you've got in your pocket.
Let me show you how I do it.
Let me show you how to do it.
Let me show you how to do that.
Let me show you how we do that.
Let me show you the Christmas card that Tom sent me.
Let me show you the Christmas card Tom sent me.
Let me show you where the guest room is.
Let me show you where to put that.
Let me sort through my clothes to see what I can donate.
Let me stop you right there. We don't want to hear about that.
Let me take you to a Japanese restaurant.
Let me take you to someplace where you'll be safe.
Let me tell you about the origin of this school.
Let me tell you how I really feel.
Let me tell you how Tom and Mary met.
Let me tell you my side of the story.
Let me tell you what I did today.
Let me tell you what you're doing wrong.
Let me think about it a bit longer.
Let me think about it a little longer.
Let me think it over for a couple of days.
Let me think it over, and I'll let you know later.
Let me try to explain it to you.
Let me write down the directions for you.
Let me write down the steps for you.
Let me write it down so I don't forget.
Let the tea steep for at least 5 minutes.
Let us know if you change your residence.
Let us know if you're available next week.
Let us stop to think how much we depend upon atomic energy.
Let's all pitch in and get the work done.
Let's approach the problem from a different angle.
Let's ask the boy who lives next door.
Let's be honest. That joke was about me.
Let's change into our swimsuits and go swimming.
Let's climb to the top of this mountain.
Let's continue working together to make that happen.
Let's decide on the date for the picnic.
Let's discuss these problems one at a time.
Let's divide this money between you and me.
Let's do it at our own pace without hurrying.
Let's do this again. It's been a lot of fun.
Let's do this before I change my mind.
Let's eat in the park like we used to.
Let's eat the ice cream now before it melts.
Let's eat while the food is still warm.
Let's figure out a better way to do this.
Let's find a solution that is acceptable to everyone.
Let's finish this work as soon as possible.
Let's flip through the channels to see what's on TV.
Let's forget about our differences and focus on how we're the same.
Let's forget the past and talk about the future.
Let's get a move on. We've got no time to lose.
Let's get down to brass tacks and talk business.
Let's get out of here as fast as we can.
Let's get out of here before the cops get here.
Let's get out of here before the police come.
Let's get rid of all these cardboard boxes.
Let's get the work over with so we can relax.
Let's get this over with, once and for all.
Let's get to the library before it closes.
Let's get together the next time you come back to Boston.
Let's give them a little bit of advice.
Let's go and see as many things as we can.
Let's go as soon as it stops raining.
Let's go back before it begins to rain.
Let's go by train instead of by bus.
Let's go do what we have to do.
Let's go for a ride in my car.
Let's go for a ride on the Ferris wheel.
Let's go for a spin around the park.
Let's go for a walk after it stops raining.
Let's go for a walk in the afternoon.
Let's go get snockered like we did last weekend.
Let's go out and have a good time with our friends.
Let's go outside and sit in the garden.
Let's go over the plan one more time.
Let's go somewhere nice for our wedding anniversary.
Let's go somewhere private so we can talk.
Let's go somewhere quiet so we can talk.
Let's go to a store with lower prices.
Let's go to an all-you-can-eat place and have a big dinner.
Let's go to the gym and shoot some hoops.
Let's grab a quick lunch at that small coffeeshop near the park.
Let's handle this one problem at a time.
Let's have a serious talk about your future.
Let's have one more drink, and then I'll take you back home.
Let's help him so that he will succeed.
Let's hit the town tonight and have some fun.
Let's hope that Tom can handle that by himself.
Let's hope that we don't have to do this again.
Let's hope the situation doesn't get any worse.
Let's hope there are no more acts of vandalism.
Let's hope they don't even think about it.
Let's hope this cold spell doesn't last long.
Let's hope Tom can handle that by himself.
Let's hope Tom doesn't try to do that without some help.
Let's hope we can avoid this problem in the future.
Let's hurry so we can catch the bus.
Let's hurry. We don't want to be late.
Let's just hope we don't have to use our guns.
Let's just say things didn't go exactly as planned.
Let's just sit here a while and listen.
Let's just sit here for a while and listen.
Let's just try to have a good time.
Let's keep each other company for a while.
Let's leave as soon as he gets back.
Let's leave as soon as Tom gets here.
Let's leave the matter as it is for the present.
Let's let the workers go home early today.
Let's list all the reasons not to do that.
Let's list all the reasons we need to do this.
Let's list all the reasons we shouldn't do that.
Let's meet halfway between your house and mine.
Let's meet in front of the main entrance at two-thirty.
Let's meet in front of the main gate at 2:30.
Let's not be in too much of a hurry.
Let's not discuss this in front of the children.
Let's not do anything that might get us in trouble.
Let's not do anything that might upset Tom.
Let's not forget that Tom doesn't understand French.
Let's not forget that Tom is only thirteen years old.
Let's not forget the real reason we're here.
Let's not forget the sacrifices that Tom has made.
Let's not forget those who gave their lives to protect us.
Let's not forget to thank Tom for everything he's done for us.
Let's not forget to thank Tom for his help.
Let's not forget we never could have done this without Tom's help.
Let's not forget what Tom did for us.
Let's not forget what Tom did to us.
Let's not forget what Tom has done for us.
Let's not get too far ahead of ourselves.
Let's not get up so early tomorrow morning.
Let's not make a big deal out of this.
Let's not pitch the tent right next to the river.
Let's not talk about this over the phone.
Let's not wash our dirty linen in public.
Let's not waste any more of each other's time.
Let's not waste any more time on this.
Let's not waste what little time we have.
Let's open a window to get some fresh air.
Let's open the box and see what's inside it.
Let's open the box and see what's inside.
Let's park the car here and walk the rest of the way.
Let's pitch the tent while it's still light.
Let's play some video games to kill time.
Let's proceed with the items on the agenda.
Let's put off the meeting until next Friday.
Let's put this money aside for our summer trip.
Let's read a few verses from the Bible.
Let's resume reading where we left off last week.
Let's say for the moment that you're right.
Let's scrap everything and start again with a clean slate.
Let's see how the negotiations pan out before we decide.
Let's see how you feel in the morning.
Let's see if Tom is in his office.
Let's see if we can cancel the meeting.
Let's see if we can come up with a better solution.
Let's see if we can figure out what happened.
Let's see if we can find out what the matter is.
Let's see if we can solve that mystery.
Let's see what you've got in your suitcase.
Let's see who can finish doing this first.
Let's see you talk your way out of this one.
Let's send Tom a Christmas card this year.
Let's share this money between the two of us.
Let's sit around the stove and have a chat.
Let's sit down in the shade of that tree.
Let's sit here for a while and look at the view.
Let's spend less time arguing and more time working.
Let's spread the map on the table and talk it over.
Let's start with the easy questions, shall we?
Let's stay until the end of the game.
Let's stop working and relax for a while.
Let's suppose you happen to strike it rich at the races.
Let's swing by the supermarket. I need to buy something.
Let's take a chance and go for broke.
Let's take it one step at a time.
Let's talk about it when we get home.
Let's talk about something else for a while.
Let's talk about Tom and what he's done.
Let's talk about what you did in Boston.
Let's talk about why you want to do that.
Let's throw it away and start over with a clean slate.
Let's unfold the map on the table and discuss it.
Let's wait a few days and see what happens.
Let's work on one project at a time.
Let's wrap up this work now and go out drinking.
Letting Tom do that wasn't such a good idea.
Lie on the bench for a while with your eyes closed.
Life as it is is very uninteresting to him.
Life doesn't always go the way we want it to.
Life here is much easier than it used to be.
Life imitates art more often than the other way around.
Life in the country is not always tranquil.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving.
Life is not always a walk in the park.
Life is not an exact science, it is an art.
Life is not fair. Get used to it.
Life is too short to drink bad wine.
Life is too short to worry about things like that.
Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
Life without love has no meaning at all.
Life's experiences make vivid records on the sensitive plate of his mind.
Light is as necessary as water for plants.
Lightning does sometimes strike the same place twice.
Lightning lit up the room every now and then.
Like a good wine, he improves with age.
Like all dogs, he'll chase a rabbit if he sees one.
Like it or not, you must do it.
Lincoln set out to abolish slavery in the United States.
Lincoln was a good politician and a smart lawyer.
Lincoln's biography is read by children all around the world.
Listen carefully and do exactly what I tell you to do.
Listen carefully and do exactly what I tell you.
Listen carefully to what I have to say.
Listen carefully to what I'm going to tell you.
Listen to your heart, and you will know it's true.
Listening to music is a great way to relax.
Listening to this song makes me want to dance.
Little by little, the bird made his nest.
Little lights were blinking on and off in the distance.
Living in a cluttered home is very stressful.
Living in a large city has many advantages.
Logic is the beginning of wisdom, not the end.
London is one of the largest cities in the world.
London is the capital of the United Kingdom.
London, where I live, used to be famous for its fog.
Loneliness and being alone are not the same thing.
Long ago, people used to travel on foot.
Long, long ago, there lived an old king on a small island.
Long, long ago, there lived an old man and his wife.
Long, long ago, there lived an old man in a village.
Look and see how much the cash register rings up.
Look around you and tell me what you see.
Look at her putting on airs over there.
Look at me and do what I do.
Look at me when I talk to you!
Look at me when I'm speaking to you.
Look at me when I'm talking to you!
Look at me when I'm talking to you.
Look at that building. Is it a temple?
Look at the map on the wall carefully.
Look at the picture at the top of the page.
Look at the sign just ahead of you.
Look both left and right before crossing the road.
Look both ways before you cross the street.
Look carefully. I'm going to show you how it's done.
Look me in the eyes and tell me you didn't do it.
Look out for cars when you cross the road.
Look out for pedestrians when you drive a car.
Look up the new words in your dictionary.
Look up the number in the telephone book.
Look up words you don't know in your dictionary.
Look what I found at the supermarket today.
Look, boys, this sack is full of pears.
Look, I don't want to lose my job.
Look, I want you to do me a favor.
Look, I've had a long day and I want to go to bed right now.
Look, Tom! Isn't that your horse over there?
Looking at his face, you could tell that he was annoyed.
Looking into the room, I found nobody there.
Looking out of the window, I saw a rainbow.
Looking out the window, I saw a car coming.
Looks like we barked up the wrong tree.
Loosen the screws and remove the lamp cover.
Los Angeles is one of the places I want to visit.
Los Angeles is the second largest city in the United States.
Losing your health is worse than losing your money.
Lots of people in Japan are indifferent to politics.
Louis Pasteur discovered that germs cause most infectious diseases.
Love of money is the root of all evil.
Luck comes to those who look for it.
Luck plays an important part in your life.
Luckily he had enough money to pay the bill.
Luckily, all of the passengers were wearing seat belts.
Luckily, I didn't have to make that decision.
Luckily, our piano wasn't damaged in the flood.
Luckily, the plane landed safely with no injuries.
Luckily, Tom had some money I could borrow.
Lucky are those who have escaped safe and sound.
Macbeth raised an army to attack his enemy.
Machines may one day think, but they'll never laugh.
Machines that his company produces are superior to ours.
Main Street was blocked off all morning for the parade.
Majority rule is a basic principle of democracy.
Make a decision and make it with the confidence that you are right.
Make a sentence with each of these words.
Make a wish and blow out the candles.
Make certain where the emergency exit is before you go to bed at a hotel.
Make sure that the dog does not escape.
Make sure that the door is locked before you leave.
Make sure that the lights are turned off before you leave.
Make sure that you arrive at seven o'clock.
Make sure to back up all your files.
Make sure to get to the office on time.
Make sure to turn off all the lights before going out.
Make sure you can walk before you try to run.
Make sure you cut the board against the grain.
Make sure you don't let the dog outside.
Make sure you finish this by the end of the day.
Make sure you get a good night's sleep.
Make sure you stick together so no one gets lost.
Make sure you turn everything off before you leave.
Make your airplane reservations early since flights fill up quickly around Christmas.
Making a good start is half the battle.
Making amends is the first step toward rehabilitation.
Making jewelry is a lot easier than it sounds like it would be.
Making money is not the only goal in life.
Making such a decision is not an easy thing.
Man eats to live, he does not live to eat.
Man has a great capacity to adapt to environmental changes.
Man is the only animal that blushes. Or needs to.
Man is the only animal that can laugh.
Man is the only animal that can make use of fire.
Man is the only animal that can speak.
Man is the only animal that can use fire.
Man is the only animal that possesses language.
Management hid the true financial state of the company from the workers.
Manholes are round because that way they won't accidentally fall through the hole.
Mankind will succeed in using nuclear energy peacefully.
Many accidents resulted from the icy conditions of the road.
Many accidents were caused by the bad weather.
Many Americans still had money they had saved during the war.
Many Americans were angry about the Japanese invasion.
Many animals that lived thousands of years ago are now extinct.
Many Asians have English as a common language.
Many big projects will be completed in the 21st century.
Many cancer patients lose their hair because of chemotherapy.
Many cancer patients lose their hair because of the chemotherapy.
Many children learn to use a computer even before entering school.
Many children stay after school for club activities.
Many clients come to that lawyer for advice.
Many consider seven to be a lucky number.
Many countries have signed a treaty to eliminate nuclear weapons.
Many criminals in America are addicted to drugs.
Many criminals in the United States are addicted to drugs.
Many drivers abandoned their cars in the snow.
Many ethnic groups traditionally give money as a wedding gift.
Many fantasy novels depict worlds with two moons.
Many firms are competing for the wealthier segment of the market.
Many flights have been canceled because of the storm.
Many flights were canceled because of the typhoon.
Many foreign customs were introduced into Japan after the war.
Many foreigners come to Japan for the purpose of studying Japanese.
Many Germans have blonde hair and blue eyes.
Many great thinkers who were unknown while alive became famous after death.
Many health specialists say that you should eat three meals a day.
Many improvements have been made since this century began.
Many inmates on death row say they don't want to die.
Many international conferences have been held in Geneva.
Many men grow beards because they're too lazy to shave.
Many men were badly wounded in the battle.
Many mistakes could've been avoided through simple experiments.
Many native speakers of Japanese have trouble hearing the difference between B and V.
Many of the people that need these drugs can't afford them.
Many parents think there's too much violence on television.
Many people are afraid to travel by plane.
Many people are still buried under the rubble.
Many people are suffering from hunger around the world.
Many people don't know antibiotics are ineffective against viral diseases.
Many people don't know that antibiotics are ineffective against viral diseases.
Many people don't work on Saturdays and Sundays.
Many people encouraged me to fulfill my ambitions.
Many people feel that gold is the most secure investment.
Many people go to church on Christmas Eve.
Many people in Africa were killed as a result of the storm.
Many people in my grandfather's generation grew up on farms.
Many people in these parts have fallen on hard times.
Many people left before the concert was over.
Many people prefer to cook with butter instead of oil.
Many people pushed their way toward the rear exit.
Many people put too much personal information on social media.
Many people think that children don't spend enough time playing outside.
Many people think that children spend too much time watching TV.
Many people thought that the report was poorly written.
Many people use cash machines to withdraw money.
Many people were killed in the plane accident.
Many people were killed in World War II.
Many people who hear Tom speaking French think he's a native speaker.
Many people will lose their jobs due to the slump in the auto industry.
Many Peruvians have the habit of chewing coca leaves.
Many revolutions have aimed to abolish the aristocracy.
Many schools are closed today because of the storm.
Many sects have initiation rituals for new members.
Many stores offer discounts in the month of August.
Many students compete to get into the best universities.
Many students go to Europe for the purpose of studying music.
Many TV programs have a bad influence on children.
Many university students were against the Vietnam War.
Many workers were laid off at that plant.
Many young people are out of work in that country.
Many young people are out of work in the country.
Many young people don't listen to radio anymore.
Many young people go abroad during summer vacation.
Many young people in Japan eat bread for breakfast.
Many young people were present at the party.
Many, if not most, professional translators only translate into their native language.
March is the third month of the year.
Marriage is a dinner that begins with dessert.
Marriage is the last thing on my mind.
Marriage is the main cause of all divorces.
Marriage is the union of a man and woman.
Marrying you was the biggest mistake of my life.
Mary and Alice both married men younger than them.
Mary asked her friends if they thought Tom liked her.
Mary asked Tom to shave off his beard.
Mary came up to me when she saw me.
Mary claimed that the handbag had been a present from her husband.
Mary curled her hair with a curling iron.
Mary cut herself while she was chopping up onions.
Mary decided never to see him any more.
Mary doesn't dance much now, but I know she used to a lot.
Mary feels that her husband doesn't pay enough attention to her.
Mary felt happy when she learned the results of the election.
Mary felt like Tom was undressing her with his eyes.
Mary got her phone out of her purse.
Mary had a little lamb whose fleece was white as snow.
Mary had a ring on every finger of her left hand.
Mary had been knitting for an hour when I called.
Mary had some weird food cravings when she was pregnant.
Mary has been dyeing her hair for years.
Mary has nobody to talk with, but she doesn't feel lonely.
Mary hiked her skirt up to mid-thigh and dipped her toes in the water.
Mary invested in the stock because the financial advisor fooled her.
Mary is a warm, caring person, but Tom is cold and aloof.
Mary is going to have a baby in October.
Mary is going to open a gift from her boyfriend.
Mary is in the kitchen making Christmas cookies.
Mary is not only beautiful, she's smart, too.
Mary is not poor. On the contrary, she is quite rich.
Mary is one of the richest women in the world.
Mary is still as beautiful as she was when she was a teenager.
Mary is the girl wearing the yellow dress.
Mary is the kind of woman I like.
Mary is the most beautiful girl I know.
Mary is the prettiest girl in her class.
Mary is the youngest of the three sisters.
Mary is young enough to be your daughter.
Mary isn't my girlfriend. She's just a friend.
Mary kept on working in spite of her illness.
Mary knitted Tom a sweater for his birthday.
Mary likes the new dress that she got for Christmas.
Mary likes to wear clothes with vertical stripes, because she heard they make you look thinner.
Mary looked at the flowers and thought they were pretty.
Mary looked through her closet trying to find something suitable to wear.
Mary looks cute no matter what she wears.
Mary looks like her mother, but her personality is different.
Mary looks like her mother, but she has a different personality.
Mary opened her purse and looked around in it.
Mary pretended she was sick to avoid going to school.
Mary promised her mother that she would help her more often.
Mary put her knitting aside and stood up.
Mary said she wished I was more like Tom.
Mary said that Tom was smarter than she was.
Mary sat by the edge of the pool, her bare legs dangling in the water.
Mary separated from her husband two years ago.
Mary shaves her legs more often than Alice does.
Mary slipped off her robe and got into the shower.
Mary thinks that the world is a dangerous place.
Mary thought that Tom would ask her to the prom, but he asked someone else.
Mary tied an apron around her waist and then took the turkey out of the oven.
Mary told me that she was glad to see me.
Mary told Tom that she was moving to Boston.
Mary took out a loan in order to pay her debts.
Mary took the cookies out of the oven.
Mary urged her parents to let her go out with her friends.
Mary wanted me to look the other way while she was getting dressed.
Mary wanted to marry a man with ambition.
Mary wants both a career and a family.
Mary was a tomboy when she was in elementary school.
Mary was given a raise by her employer.
Mary was looking for you at that time.
Mary was wearing a red and white dress.
Mary went on a voyage around the world.
Mary went over to the United States in her late teens.
Mary works as a waitress at a restaurant on Park Street.
Mary's closets are full of clothes she hasn't worn in years.
Mass production lowers the cost of certain goods.
Mass production reduced the price of many goods.
Mastering a foreign language requires a lot of hard work.
Mathematics is not just the memorization of formulas.
May I ask why it is that you don't want to talk about it?
May I ask you about something totally unrelated?
May I ask you some questions about your name?
May I ask you to call me back later?
May I ask you to close the window?
May I ask you to do me a favor?
May I ask you to help me with something?
May I be of help in any way?
May I begin by thanking every one for your warm welcome?
May I call on you at your house tomorrow morning?
May I charge my cell phone somewhere around here?
May I count on you to get me the job?
May I exchange this shirt for a smaller size?
May I go out for a short walk?
May I have a glass of beer, please?
May I have a glass of wine, please?
May I have a look at your ticket?
May I have the menu and the wine list?
May I have your name and telephone number, please?
May I move to the other side now?
May I speak to the lady of the house?
May I speak to you for a moment?
May I speak to you outside for a minute?
May I speak with you for a moment?
May I take a few days off to visit my family?
May I take a nap on your couch?
May I take a rest for a while?
May I take a shower in the morning?
May I talk to you for a second?
May I talk with you in private about the matter?
May I trouble you to shut the window?
May I use your eraser? I seem to have lost mine.
May this day be the happiest day in your life.
Maybe a few of them are good people, but the majority are scum.
Maybe I shouldn't tell you this, but I am truly mesmerized by your beauty.
Maybe I'm unhappy, but I don't intend to kill myself.
Maybe it would be better not to talk too much about the past.
Maybe it's not as hard as it looks.
Maybe it's time to change my hair and do a makeover.
Maybe it's time to throw in the towel.
Maybe one day you can show me how to do it.
Maybe there's a better way to do this.
Maybe Tom can be persuaded to help us.
Maybe Tom didn't do what everyone says he did.
Maybe Tom isn't as stupid as he looks.
Maybe Tom should pay more attention in class.
Maybe Tom should quit before he hurts himself.
Maybe Tom wants to sleep a little longer.
Maybe Tom was the one who stole Mary's necklace.
Maybe Tom was the one who stole your bicycle.
Maybe Tom was trying to warn us about something.
Maybe Tom won't go to Boston on this trip.
Maybe we can find someplace to park further up the street.
Maybe we should call the whole thing off.
Maybe we should go to Boston next summer.
Maybe we should try to change that law.
Maybe we should wait until Tom gets here.
Maybe you could put in a good word for me.
Maybe you don't know this, but nobody could ever take your place.
Maybe you should have a little talk with Tom.
Maybe you should turn off the television and do something else.
Maybe you're not as stupid as you look.
Meat and eggs have a lot of protein.
Meditation doesn't cost anything, but it takes time.
Meet me at my office in fifteen minutes.
Members of that tribe settled along the river.
Men differ from other animals in that they can think and speak.
Men do not exist in this world to become rich, but to become happy.
Men were attracted to her like moths to a flame.
Men, dogs, fish, and birds are all animals.
Mental exercise is particularly important for young children.
Mercury is the smallest planet in our solar system.
Metal spoons are generally made of stainless steel.
Microsoft has a completely new operating system in the works.
Milk boils at a higher temperature than water.
Milk has to be kept at a relatively low temperature.
Millions of dollars have been spent trying to shore up the company.
Millions of people across the world are mourning the death of Nelson Mandela.
Millions of people in the United States are unemployed.
Millions of people starve to death every year.
Mixing with people at a party can be terrifying for shy people.
Modern art has broken away from nineteenth century conventions.
Modern finance is becoming increasingly complicated and sophisticated.
Modern science has turned many impossibilities into possibilities.
Mom is washing the dog because he's dirty.
Mom remained in the car while Dad shopped.
Mom wants to go there, but Dad wants to watch TV at home.
Mom, could you read me a bedtime story?
Mom, I'm sorry for causing you trouble all the time.
Mommy, if I don't like the food, do I have to eat it?
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday are the seven days of the week.
Money isn't everything, but if you have no money, you can't do anything.
Monopoly is a popular game for families to play.
Moral leadership is more powerful than any weapon.
Morality is mostly a matter of how much temptation you can withstand.
More and more married couples share household chores.
More and more people are becoming aware of the dangers of smoking.
More and more people are falling behind in their mortgage payments.
More and more students are joining the protests.
More can often be gleaned from body language than from what is actually being said.
More money for education will spur economic growth.
More often than not, he is late for school.
More people came to the party than I had bargained for.
More students apply to the university than can be accepted.
More than 3,000 people were at the concert.
More than 40 percent of students go on to university.
More than 40 percent of the students go on to university.
More than 40 percent of the students go to university.
More than 45 million Americans live in poverty.
More than 70 percent of the inhabitants are in favor of the program.
More than a third of the world population lives near a coast.
More than half of the residents are opposed to the plan.
More than half the residents are opposed to the plan.
More than one million tons of coal are mined each day in Australia.
Moses came down from the mountain bearing divine commandments.
Mosquitoes are perhaps one of the most dangerous animals in the world.
Most Americans do not object to my calling them by their first names.
Most car accidents occur due to the inattention of the driver.
Most employees expect a pay raise once a year.
Most experts think a lot of his theory.
Most Japanese eat rice at least once a day.
Most movies are written and directed by men.
Most of our workers feel that they're underpaid.
Most of the food we buy in supermarkets is overpackaged.
Most of the Melanesians living in Papua New Guinea have very curly hair, don't they?
Most of them urged him to take the job.
Most of us are much more interesting than the world suspects.
Most of us don't eat a balanced diet.
Most people can do this without a problem.
Most people don't have a problem with that.
Most people in the village objected to the plan.
Most people know that sea water is undrinkable.
Most people only want to hear their own truth.
Most people think computers will never be able to think.
Most public places are simply not geared to people with disabilities.
Most shops near the school are closed on Saturdays now.
Most smokers say that they want to quit.
Most souvenir shops are filled with worthless knick-knacks.
Most students are tired of having to take examinations all the time.
Most students don't have a lot of money.
Most Swiss citizens speak two or three languages.
Most Swiss people can speak three or four languages.
Most young adults enjoy going out at night.
Mother bought me a nice dress last Sunday.
Mother gets up earlier than anybody else in my family.
Mother insists that I should eat more vegetables.
Mother is in bed. She caught a cold.
Mother looked at me with tears in her eyes.
Mother Teresa was a Catholic nun who lived and worked in Calcutta, India.
Mother Teresa was born in Yugoslavia in 1910.
Mothers should keep their children from playing in the streets.
Mount Everest is the highest mountain in the world.
Movie theaters are losing more and more revenue due to internet piracy.
Mozart wrote brilliant, complex musical compositions as easily as you or I would write a letter.
Mr. Jackson gives us a lot of homework every day.
Mr. Jackson is in the hospital, so I'll be teaching his classes today.
Mt. Everest is the highest mountain in the world.
Mt. Everest is the highest peak in the world.
Mt. Fuji could be seen in the distance.
Mt. Fuji is covered with snow in the winter.
Mt. Fuji is higher than any other mountain in Japan.
Mt. Fuji is noted for its beautiful shape.
Much as I'd like to come, I'm afraid I'll be too busy.
Much to my disappointment, she did not come.
Museums do a pretty good job preserving history.
Music and art can greatly contribute to the enjoyment of life.
Musical talent usually blooms at an early age.
My advice is for you to go home.
My advice is to leave as soon as you can.
My alarm clock didn't go off this morning.
My alarm clock didn't work. That's why I was late.
My association with him did not last long.
My aunt gave me a book for Christmas.
My aunt gave me the pendant I'm wearing.
My aunt lives in a lonely house in the country.
My aunt treats me as if I were a child.
My aunt wears glasses when she reads the papers.
My baby brother sleeps ten hours a day.
My back hurts from sitting for hours in front of the computer.
My backyard can hold more than ten people.
My bag is too old. I must buy a new one.
My ballpoint pen just ran out of ink.
My band will perform this week at Chuck's Bar and Grill. Please come and see us.
My belief is that things will change for the better.
My big brother finished his homework very quickly.
My big brother shared his cake with me.
My bonus doesn't come close to covering all the loan payments I have to make.
My book has to be somewhere in the room.
My boss assigned the hard job to me.
My boss doesn't think I'm equal to the job.
My boss has the ability to read books very fast.
My boss is twice as old as I am.
My boss praised me for my hard work.
My boss rejected the budget for the new project.
My boss wants me to work late tonight.
My brain says yes, but my gut says no.
My brother and I are in the same class.
My brother and I built this sled ourselves.
My brother and I like the same food.
My brother didn't have the courage to swim across the river.
My brother earns half as much money as my father.
My brother eats twice as much as I do.
My brother fell out of a tree and broke his leg.
My brother gave me a charming baby doll.
My brother gave me a pair of jeans.
My brother gets up every morning at 7.
My brother is a member of the rescue squad.
My brother is big enough to travel alone.
My brother is holding a camera in his hand.
My brother is not as tall as I was two years ago.
My brother is old enough to go to school.
My brother is rich enough to buy a car.
My brother is three years younger than I am.
My brother is three years younger than me.
My brother is very important. At least he thinks he is.
My brother just received tenure at the university where he teaches.
My brother seems to enjoy himself at college.
My brother seldom, if ever, goes to church.
My brother wants to go to the moon some day.
My brother was threatened by someone waving a gun.
My brother went to the United States to study law.
My brother would often stay up all night reading novels.
My brother-in-law would like me to be his son's godfather.
My business is at a standstill because of the recession.
My car broke down this morning and won't be repaired until Friday.
My car is in the parking lot behind this building.
My car is parked not far from here.
My car is stuck in the mud. Could you help me push it out?
My car stalled in the middle of the intersection.
My car was badly damaged in the accident.
My car, which broke down yesterday, has not been repaired yet.
My cat came out from under the table.
My cat has come out from under the table.
My cat is going to have kittens next month.
My cat likes it when I scratch her behind the ears.
My cat likes it when we scratch him behind the ears.
My cat purrs when I scratch behind his ears.
My cat rubbed her head against my shoulder.
My cell phone has a built-in digital camera.
My children had eaten all the cookies by the time I got home.
My children like to sing in the car.
My classmates used to tease me about my accent.
My coat has a hood, but I hardly ever use it.
My colleague filled in for me while I was sick.
My computer cost a lot more than yours.
My computer crashed and now it won't start up.
My computer is connected to a properly grounded outlet.
My computer stopped working a few days ago.
My cousin has a large collection of action figures.
My cousin is a little older than I am.
My cousin is having a baby next month.
My cousin is the second to the last person in the line.
My cousin isn't the kind of person who'd ever break a promise.
My cousin works in a shop near our home.
My cousin's school is much easier than mine.
My coworker really knows how to suck up to the boss.
My credit card was rejected by the ATM.
My curtains were closed, so I didn't see what was happening outside.
My dad gives me an allowance of $10 a week.
My dad is not home at the moment.
My dad is the best dad in the universe.
My dad is the best dad in the world.
My dad loses his keys at least once a week.
My dad taught me how to do it.
My dad thinks my boyfriend is a real whack job.
My daughter graduated from high school last year.
My daughter is the apple of my eye.
My daughter is to get married in June.
My daughter will come of age next year.
My daughter will come of age this year.
My daughter's getting all gussied up for her first date.
My deaf friend has found a good job.
My decision to study abroad surprised my parents.
My desire to become a doctor grew out of looking after my sickly brother.
My doctor advised me to get more exercise.
My doctor advised me to give up smoking.
My doctor has advised me to stop taking this medicine.
My doctor received her medical degree from a prestigious university.
My doctor told me not to snack between meals.
My doctor told me that I needed to lose some weight.
My doctor told me to cut down on salt.
My doctor told me to give up smoking.
My doctor told me to put the eyedrops in my eyes three times a day.
My dog and my cat get along fine.
My dog ate a paper towel. I wonder if he'll get sick.
My dog eats better meat than I do.
My dog follows me whenever I leave the room.
My dog has been missing for three days.
My dog is almost half the size of yours.
My dog is blind, but he loves to go out for a walk.
My dream is to be a baseball player.
My dream is to become a famous singer.
My dream is to become a very strong mahjong player.
My dream is to lead a quiet life in the country.
My dream is to live a quiet life in the country.
My dream is to live peacefully in the village.
My dream is to make it as an actor in Hollywood.
My dream is to travel in a space shuttle.
My dress was ruined when it came back from the cleaner's.
My driver's license expires at the end of this month.
My driver's license is in my other wallet.
My driving instructor says I should be more patient.
My driving instructor says that I need to be more patient.
My English teacher recommended that I read these books.
My eyes are very sensitive to the light.
My faith in the next generation is increasing.
My family has lived here for thirty years.
My family needs me and I need my family.
My family was well off in those days.
My family went to the zoo to see pandas last Sunday.
My family will be away for a week.
My father abandoned me when I was young.
My father allowed me to go to the concert.
My father always comes up with something witty to say.
My father always sleeps while watching the TV.
My father always speaks in a very loud voice.
My father and mother were sitting under a tree.
My father and my brother work in this factory.
My father asked me to open the door.
My father banks part of his salary every week.
My father believed that anyone who could not make a living in Japan was lazy.
My father bought me a digital watch for birthday present.
My father bought this house for us when we got married.
My father brags about never having had a traffic accident.
My father came home about ten minutes ago.
My father can speak French, but my mother can't.
My father can swim, but my mother can't.
My father could swim well when he was young.
My father didn't allow me to have a dog.
My father died before I got my diploma.
My father died, leaving a large sum of money.
My father disapproved of my going to the concert.
My father does not always walk to work.
My father does nothing but watch TV on Sundays.
My father does play golf, but not well.
My father doesn't allow me to go to the movies alone.
My father doesn't care about money at all.
My father doesn't just smoke, he drinks too.
My father doesn't lift a finger at home.
My father drinks a cup of coffee every morning.
My father encouraged me to learn how to play the piano.
My father encouraged me to study the piano.
My father flew into a rage when he found that out.
My father gave a nice watch to me.
My father gave it to me when I was a kid.
My father gave me a lot of money.
My father gave me a watch for my birthday.
My father gave me a watch, but I lost it.
My father gave up smoking for his health.
My father has a blue and gray tie.
My father has already given up smoking and drinking.
My father has been dead for ten years.
My father has been doing this job for twenty years.
My father has been in good shape since his operation.
My father has been out of work for a year.
My father has never been sick in his life.
My father has never gotten sick in his life.
My father has quit smoking for his health.
My father implied our summer trip was arranged.
My father is a good speaker of English.
My father is a man of few words.
My father is busy as a bee every day.
My father is going to go abroad next week.
My father is not as old as he looks.
My father is oblivious to the emotional pain his abuse caused me.
My father is proud of being tall and handsome.
My father is proud of the fact that he's never been in a traffic accident.
My father is so old that he is hard of hearing.
My father is to appear on TV tonight.
My father is too busy to take a walk.
My father is too stubborn to admit his faults.
My father is two years younger than my mother.
My father is very much involved in the stock market now.
My father kicked me out of the house.
My father left me a lot of money in his will.
My father loves doing some tinkering in the garage.
My father makes good use of his time.
My father often falls asleep while watching television.
My father often falls asleep while watching TV.
My father often takes me to baseball games.
My father planted this tree on the day I was born.
My father planted this tree the year I was born.
My father retired at the age of 65.
My father smokes a pack of cigarettes a day.
My father spends a lot of time on his hobby.
My father told me not to read books in bed.
My father told me that World War II ended in 1945.
My father told me to wash the car.
My father took out his wallet and gave me ten dollars.
My father tried to teach us the value of work.
My father used to eat at this restaurant.
My father used to go to work by bus.
My father used to read books to me at bedtime.
My father used to read me bedtime stories.
My father used to read to me at bedtime.
My father used to say that time is money.
My father visited my uncle in the hospital.
My father wanted me to go and see that place.
My father was about to leave when the phone rang.
My father was about to leave when the telephone rang.
My father was already at home when I came back.
My father was no less affectionate and tender to me than my mother was.
My father was still at home when I left.
My father was, I think, a little drunk then.
My father will be back at the beginning of next month.
My father won't allow me to do that.
My father works hard because he wants to give us everything we need.
My father would never allow me to go out with someone like you.
My favorite pastime is strolling along the shore.
My favorite subjects in high school were geometry and history.
My figures don't seem to tally with yours.
My findings suggest that that is not the case.
My findings suggest that that isn't the case.
My fingers are so numb with cold that I can't play the piano.
My first impression of him proved to be correct.
My flight leaves in less than an hour.
My flight was supposed to arrive at 2:30 p.m.
My folks used to tell me stories about that.
My French teacher is the same age as I am.
My French teacher is the same age as me.
My friend asked me if I was feeling all right.
My friend broke up with his girlfriend and now he wants to go out with me.
My friend copied my homework and the teacher found out.
My friend doctored his ID to make it look like he was 18.
My friend ended up taking the rap for a crime he didn't commit.
My friend has had three jobs in a year; he never sticks to anything for long.
My friend lives in the middle of nowhere.
My friend said he had bought a new watch.
My friend said she bought a new watch.
My friend told me that he had bought a new watch.
My friend Tom has twice as many stamps as I do.
My friends and I want to do that.
My friends and I went to a party yesterday.
My friends came to see me the day before yesterday.
My friends don't pay attention to me anymore.
My friends dropped by to see me the day before yesterday.
My friends dropped by to see me the other day.
My friends gave us a whirlwind tour of Paris.
My friends scolded me for my stupid behavior.
My friends stood by me during the court case.
My friends, I have some news to give you.
My German vocabulary list is up to two thousand words now.
My girlfriend broke up with me last night.
My glasses started to slip down my nose.
My goal in life is to be a novelist.
My goal is not to convince, but to inform.
My granddaughter just had a baby, so now I'm a great-grandfather.
My grandfather cannot walk without a walking stick.
My grandfather can't walk without a walking stick.
My grandfather died in the same room in which he was born.
My grandfather died in the Second World War.
My grandfather died of a disease at eighty.
My grandfather died when I was a boy.
My grandfather goes for a walk on fine days.
My grandfather goes for walks on days when the weather is good.
My grandfather is a bit hard of hearing.
My grandfather made the company what it is today.
My grandfather no longer has a driver's license.
My grandfather on my father's side is celebrating his 88th birthday tomorrow.
My grandfather on my mother's side is celebrating his 60th birthday tomorrow.
My grandfather on my mother's side passed away ten years ago.
My grandfather sometimes talks to himself when he's alone.
My grandfather was a justice of the peace.
My grandfather was a soldier during the war.
My grandfather was killed in World War II.
My grandma injured her leg in a fall.
My grandmother attributes her good health to active living.
My grandmother is always complaining of the cold.
My grandmother lived to be ninety-five years old.
My grandmother looks after the children during the daytime.
My grandmother never changed her style of living.
My grandmother on my father's side has turned one hundred.
My grandmother told me the story of Cinderella.
My grandmother used to use her sewing machine a lot when she was younger.
My grandmother was gradually becoming forgetful and frail.
My grandmother was pulling up weeds in her backyard.
My grandpa believes that the moon landing was a hoax.
My grandpa is out of step with the younger generation.
My grandpa lived to the ripe old age of 97.
My grandparents were born in the last century.
My greatest ambition is to be an opera singer.
My gums bleed whenever I floss my teeth.
My hair was brown before it turned gray.
My hands are dirty. I have been repairing my bicycle.
My hands are tied. I can't do anything about that.
My hands turned blue because it was so cold.
My hands were shaking too much to thread the needle.
My hearing isn't what it used to be.
My heart beats fast each time I see her.
My heart broke at the sight of the dying birds.
My heart broke when I saw the dying birds.
My heart is pounding so hard it feels like it's going to explode.
My heart skipped a beat when my wife told me she was pregnant.
My high school French teacher wasn't a native speaker.
My hobby is taking pictures of wild flowers.
My house is a long way from here.
My house is close to a bus stop.
My house is in the northern part of the city.
My house is just across from the hospital.
My house is on the outskirts of town.
My house is on the west side of the street.
My house is only a mile from here.
My house is only five minutes' walk from the station.
My house is ten minutes' walk from the station.
My house isn't very large, but it's large enough for me.
My house was robbed while I was away.
My hubby and I used to go mountain climbing together.
My husband and I have a joint bank account.
My husband is an expert when it comes to cooking Chinese food.
My husband makes a hundred thousand dollars a year.
My husband reads the newspaper while eating breakfast.
My husband sends his best regards to you.
My husband was probably drunk when he signed this.
My husband was so flabbergasted he dropped his car keys.
My impression of the United States is very good.
My income is twice as large as yours is.
My intervention on your behalf is the only reason you still have a job.
My investments earn about 10 percent a year.
My job is taking care of the baby.
My job search is really going rough. I don't have any connections.
My job will only last two years at most.
My laptop battery doesn't last as long as it used to.
My legs are getting better day by day.
My leg's gone to sleep, so I don't think I can stand up right away.
My legs hurt because I walked a lot today.
My life would be completely empty without you.
My life would be very dull without books.
My little brother always sleeps with his teddy bear.
My little brother goes to an elementary school.
My little brother ran through the living room stark naked.
My little brother was injured in the accident.
My little sister asked me to teach her how to ski.
My little sister sure knows how to push my buttons.
My mom bought me this toy when I was eight years old.
My mom doesn't want me to play with you.
My mom likes my brother more than me.
My mom taught me how to do it.
My mom told me that I was fat.
My mom yells at me all the time for no reason.
My mommy and daddy will love me no matter what.
My mom's pies are the best, without a doubt.
My money seems to disappear by the end of the month.
My mother always gets up earlier in the morning.
My mother and father aren't home right now.
My mother asked me to set the table.
My mother baked a cake for my birthday.
My mother bought a refrigerator and had it delivered.
My mother bought me a nice dress last Sunday.
My mother bought me two pairs of pants last Sunday.
My mother bought my brother a yellow umbrella.
My mother bought two bottles of orange juice.
My mother died when I was a child.
My mother died when I was a kid.
My mother disliked caterpillars, not to mention snakes.
My mother doesn't know how to ride a bicycle.
My mother doesn't want me to go skating on the pond.
My mother faints every time she sees a mouse.
My mother gets up earlier than anyone else.
My mother gets up earlier than I do.
My mother gets up early in the morning.
My mother gets up the earliest every morning.
My mother goes to the hospital in the morning.
My mother goes to the market every day to buy things.
My mother happened to be there when the fire broke out.
My mother has a driver's license, but she doesn't drive a car.
My mother has a driver's license, but she doesn't drive.
My mother has been sick since last month.
My mother has gone to the beauty shop.
My mother has made me what I am today.
My mother has sold everything that is dear to her.
My mother hasn't slept in 3 days due to her illness.
My mother is always poking her nose into my private life.
My mother is knitting me a new sweater.
My mother is making a cake for my father.
My mother is making my father a cake.
My mother is on good terms with my aunt.
My mother is the first one to get up every morning.
My mother likes tulips very much and so does my sister.
My mother made me study for three hours last night.
My mother noticed that my feet weren't clean.
My mother often bakes apple pies for us.
My mother prepared me for the bad news.
My mother put a large vase on the shelf.
My mother put clean sheets on my bed.
My mother put thirteen candles on my birthday cake.
My mother said that I should come home.
My mother said that she was all right.
My mother spends a lot of money on clothes.
My mother tasted the soup and added a little more salt.
My mother taught me how to make miso soup.
My mother taught me not to waste money.
My mother tells me I have to go to bed by ten o'clock on school nights.
My mother tells me not to study so hard.
My mother told me I needed to eat less candy.
My mother told me not to be noisy.
My mother told me to mow the lawn.
My mother used to read me stories when I was a young kid.
My mother used to read stories to me when I was a young child.
My mother visits the dentist's every other day to get her teeth fixed.
My mother wants me to study in Switzerland.
My mother was in the hospital during the summer.
My mother worked hard in order to raise us.
My mother would freak out if she knew about it.
My muscles ached from playing tennis too much.
My muscles were aching and I was tired.
My name doesn't seem to be on the list.
My name is known to everybody in my school.
My name is Tom and I'll be your server tonight.
My name is Tom, and this is Mary.
My neighbor always mows his lawn on Sunday mornings.
My neighbor's son made fun of my daughter today at school.
My new assistant is eager to learn the ropes.
My new coat has a lot of pockets.
My new job is harder than my old one.
My new job leaves me little time to socialize.
My new laptop is thinner and lighter than my old one.
My new phone is thinner than my old phone.
My office is on the fourth floor of that gray six-story building.
My old car is now in the junkyard.
My older brother was the one who taught me how to drive.
My older brother's name is Tom, and my younger brother's name is John.
My older sister was grounded for coming home too late last night.
My only worry is that I have no worries.
My opinion about that topic has changed several times.
My opinion is a little different from yours.
My painting is starting to look pretty cool.
My parents always told me to be wary of strangers.
My parents are opposed to my sister marrying a foreigner.
My parents didn't allow me to go to the party.
My parents died when I was very young.
My parents don't like my girlfriend. They say that she's a gold digger.
My parents don't like my girlfriend. They think that she's not good enough for me.
My parents forbade me to see Tom again.
My parents fought all the time when I was a kid.
My parents had already eaten by the time I got home.
My parents hardly ever punished me for anything.
My parents have been divorced for a long time.
My parents have gone to the airport to see my uncle off.
My parents have just arrived at the station.
My parents have kicked me out of the house.
My parents met each other in the mountains.
My parents never allow me to do anything.
My parents never let me go to my friends' houses.
My parents never punished me for anything I did.
My parents persuaded me not to travel alone.
My parents prohibited me from seeing Tom again.
My parents pushed me to quit the baseball club.
My parents said they have already purchased most of their Christmas presents online.
My parents sent me to fat camp when I was thirteen.
My parents taught me how to do that.
My parents taught me to skate when I was three years old.
My parents threw me out of the house when I was 16.
My parents told me that we should respect the elderly.
My parents wanted me to go to college.
My parents won't let me have a dog.
My parents wouldn't allow me to do that when I was younger.
My parents wouldn't let me date who I wanted to date.
My pen is old. I want a new one.
My pencil fell off the edge of my desk.
My phone has a caller ID that lets me screen my calls.
My physician advised me to refrain from alcohol for the time being.
My picture's in every police station in the country.
My plan for the summer is to go to Europe.
My plan saved us a lot of money.
My plane's departure was delayed by two hours.
My pride prevented me from borrowing money from him.
My printer only prints in black and white.
My responsibility is to keep the company solvent.
My room is three times as large as yours.
My room is twice as large as yours.
My salary doesn't allow us to live extravagantly.
My savings are so small that they won't last much longer.
My school is getting ready for the campus music festival.
My shoelaces came untied as I was walking down the street.
My shoes are the same size as his.
My shoes are too small. I need new ones.
My short-term memory is getting shorter and shorter.
My sight isn't as good as it used to be.
My significant other works at a language school and loves it very much.
My sister and I went to the castle.
My sister asked me to teach her how to ski.
My sister belonged to the basketball club last year.
My sister came along on the shopping trip.
My sister can't start the day without reading her horoscope.
My sister dressed herself for the party in a hurry.
My sister has been studying in her room since this morning.
My sister has her hair done each week.
My sister has made remarkable progress in English.
My sister has three times as many books as I do.
My sister has traced our family tree back to the 16th century.
My sister is in love with my best friend.
My sister is not a high school student.
My sister is thin, but I'm a little overweight.
My sister is three years older than I am.
My sister is too young to go to school.
My sister isn't a good cook, and neither am I.
My sister likes melons and so do I.
My sister married a high school teacher last June.
My sister married him in spite of our objections.
My sister married one of her high school classmates.
My sister often takes care of the baby.
My sister sang an English song at the party.
My sister saw it with her own eyes.
My sister showed a new watch to me.
My sister takes piano lessons twice a week.
My sister took care of the dog while I was away.
My sister took the children to the zoo.
My sister was robbed of her bag on her way home last night.
My sister will get married early next year.
My sister will have been studying English for ten years when she graduates from her college.
My sister works as a secretary at a bank.
My sister works at the United States Embassy in London.
My sister works in a bank as a secretary.
My sister, wearing her favorite red coat, went out today.
My sister-in-law had four children in five years.
My small bladder has me constantly running to the bathroom.
My son always gets sick when he rides a bus.
My son came to see me from time to time.
My son can already count to one hundred.
My son can already count up to one hundred.
My son can count up to a hundred now.
My son can neither read nor write yet.
My son can now count to one hundred.
My son is going to be a teacher.
My son is now as tall as I am.
My son isn't the only one who enjoys eating her cooking.
My son loves to throw temper tantrums in the supermarket.
My son thinks women are stronger than men.
My son wants to be a professional golfer.
My son's short attention span is causing him problems at school.
My stomach aches so much that I can't fall asleep.
My stomach started growling right there in the meeting. It was embarrassing.
My students have been eagerly awaiting the test results.
My success is largely due to your help.
My teacher encouraged me to fulfill my ambitions.
My teacher put in a good word for me.
My teacher told me that I should have spent more time preparing my presentation.
My teacher told me that I should have spent more time preparing my speech.
My teacher usually gives a lot of homework.
My teacher warned me not to do it again.
My teeth are totally healthy and free of problems.
My teeth aren't as white as I'd like them to be.
My thirteen-year-old is going on her first date tomorrow.
My three-year-old daughter asked me to take her to the park.
My three-year-old niece kissed me on the cheek.
My tight wad husband took me to McDonald's for our anniversary.
My TV set is almost 15 years old, but it still has a good picture.
My uncle calls on me every three days.
My uncle comes back from America next Monday.
My uncle comes to see me from time to time.
My uncle comes to see me once in a while.
My uncle gave me a book yesterday. This is the book.
My uncle gave me a pair of shoes.
My uncle has a deep interest in art.
My uncle has a farm in the village.
My uncle has a glass eye and a wooden leg.
My uncle has a good knowledge of French.
My uncle has completely recovered from his illness.
My uncle has lived in Paris for ten years.
My uncle has made me what I am today.
My uncle is staying with us this week.
My uncle kept on drinking in spite of his doctor's advice.
My uncle lived in Washington, D. C. for two years.
My uncle lives in Madrid, the capital of Spain.
My uncle said that he jogs every morning.
My uncle says he's about to embark on a new business venture.
My uncle took me for a ride in the countryside.
My uncle was standing there with his arms folded.
My uncle went to Mexico in 1983, never to come back.
My uncle who lives in Boston visited us last week.
My uncle, who lives in Osaka, visited us yesterday.
My vet told me to feed my dog in the evening.
My waist size has recently increased. I guess it's middle-age spread.
My wallet has been stolen, so I'm going to call the police.
My wallet was stolen while I was asleep.
My weight hasn't changed in the last three years.
My whole body was one big bruise after the rugby game.
My wife and I always eat breakfast together.
My wife and I are expecting our first child.
My wife and I did our Christmas shopping in October.
My wife and I hope to get away for a week during the Christmas break.
My wife and I prefer to spend time at home together.
My wife did not attend the party and neither did I.
My wife harbors a deep-seated resentment toward her father.
My wife has faults. None the less, I love her.
My wife holds the purse strings in our family.
My wife is afraid to drive my new car.
My wife is always finding fault with me.
My wife is always telling me that I'm a bad husband.
My wife is going out of town for a few days.
My wife is three years younger than I am.
My wife is throwing a baby shower for her best friend.
My wife keeps me on a short leash.
My wife showed excellent taste in decorating the room.
My wife used to stay home, but she works now.
My wife will be glad to see you, too.
My wife will pick me up at the airport.
My wife's constant nagging is getting me down.
My wife's hands are slightly smaller than the shop assistant's.
My wife's part-time job brings in a little extra money.
My wife's taste in clothes is different from mine.
My younger brother can run about as fast as I can.
My younger brother is taller than I am.
My younger brother swims every day in the summer.
My younger sister got married in her teens.
My youngest daughter will be starting school soon.
My youngest daughter will soon be starting school.
Napoleon called the English a nation of shopkeepers.
Napoleon lived in exile on the island of Elba.
Napoleon was exiled to the island of Elba in 1814.
Nara is an old city worth visiting at least once in your life.
Nature plays an important role in our life.
Near the equator, the weather is hot and humid year-round.
Nearly a thousand people participated in the demonstration.
Nearly one billion people around the globe lack access to clean, safe water.
Needless to say, he was late for school as usual.
Needless to say, theft was a rare occurrence.
Neither of his sons wanted to take over the business.
Neither of them was present at the meeting.
Neither of those two students passed the test.
Neither of us could have done it alone.
Neither Tom nor Mary has waited very long.
Never ask a question if you aren't prepared to hear the answer.
Never choose a new vocation just because you are restless.
Never choose a vocation just because it is popular or sounds interesting.
Never choose a vocation just because it looks easy.
Never choose a vocation just because it looks profitable.
Never choose a vocation just because it permits the wearing of good clothes.
Never choose a vocation just because it promises social standing.
Never choose a vocation just because the hours are short.
Never did I expect to see her in such a place.
Never do anything just to show you can.
Never drive faster than your guardian angel can fly.
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
Never have I seen such a beautiful sunset.
Never hit a man who can fight back.
Never in his life had he encountered such a dilemma.
Never in my life have I heard or seen such a thing.
Never in my wildest dreams did I ever think that something like this would happen.
Never in my wildest dreams did I ever think you'd go out with me.
Never make the mistake of arguing with people for whose opinions you have no respect.
Never mind, I can do it by myself.
Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.
Never put off to tomorrow what you can do today.
Never put off until tomorrow what you can put off until next week.
Never rub your eyes after cutting a hot pepper.
Never rub your eyes when your hands are dirty.
Never take a blind man's arm. Let him take yours.
Never tell the truth when a lie will do.
Never work on electrical wiring without unplugging it; it's a bad idea. I know from experience.
New books are readily available from bookstores and online.
New office buildings seem to be sprouting up all over the city.
New Year's cards provide us with the opportunity to hear from friends and relatives.
New York City policemen wear dark blue uniforms.
New York State is almost as large as Greece.
News of her death caused great concern throughout the country.
News of the recent blast is all over the radio.
Newton saw an apple fall off a tree.
Next time I visit San Francisco, I'd like to stay at that hotel.
Next time it'll be my turn to drive.
Next time you come, don't forget to give it back to me.
Next time you see her, give her my best wishes.
Next time, ask me before you use my car.
Next time, you might not be so lucky.
Next week, I'm taking the plane to Chicago.
Next year my birthday will fall on a Sunday.
Next year my birthday will fall on Sunday.
Next, I'd like to sing a song I wrote.
Nickel is a hard metal with a silvery luster.
Night is when most people go to bed.
Ninety-five percent of orphans are older than 5 years old.
No additional information is available at this time.
No amount of training can prepare you for this.
No charges have been filed against the suspect.
No child wants to be treated like a baby.
No citizen should be deprived of his rights.
No country can match France's good quality wine.
No criminal charges will be filed against you.
No doubt she will win in the end.
No extremely fat man has ever attempted such a thing.
No less than 100 people attended the meeting.
No less than three hundred dollars was needed for the work.
No many people know how to do that.
No matter how bad it gets, she won't die from that disease.
No matter how busy I become, I'll always have time for my children.
No matter how busy you are, I think you should at least read a newspaper.
No matter how capable you are, you're not going to get a promotion.
No matter how cold it was, he never wore an overcoat.
No matter how fast you drive, you won't get there on time.
No matter how fast you run, you won't catch up with him.
No matter how hard he tried, he could not get out of the maze.
No matter how hard he tried, my opinion didn't change.
No matter how hard I practiced, I wasn't able to do the backstroke.
No matter how hard I tried, I couldn't remember that song's title.
No matter how hard I try, I can't do it any better than she can.
No matter how hard I try, I can't remember how to do it.
No matter how hard I try, I can't remember the exact words.
No matter how hard I try, I can't swim to that rock.
No matter how hard I try, I will never be able to catch up with him.
No matter how hard she tried, she couldn't please him.
No matter how hard you may study, you cannot master English in a year or two.
No matter how hard you may try, you won't succeed so easily.
No matter how hard you try, the result will be the same.
No matter how hard you try, you won't be able to finish that in one day.
No matter how he tried, he could not open the door.
No matter how long it takes, I will finish the job.
No matter how long it takes, I will finish the work.
No matter how much I think about it, I can't understand it.
No matter how often I tell her, she keeps making the same mistake.
No matter how rich he may be, he is never contented.
No matter how rich people are, they always want more.
No matter how rich you are, you can't buy true love.
No matter how sneaky you are, you can never surprise yourself.
No matter how tired I might be, I have to work.
No matter how you look at it, the odds are stacked against us.
No matter what game he plays, he always wins.
No matter what happens, don't forget to smile.
No matter what happens, I will never change my mind.
No matter what happens, I won't be surprised.
No matter what happens, I won't give up.
No matter what happens, I'll always love you.
No matter what happens, I'll keep my promise.
No matter what happens, I'll stand by you.
No matter what happens, I'm not changing my mind.
No matter what happens, my determination won't change.
No matter what happens, you must be here by nine.
No matter what happens, you must not give up.
No matter what he does, he does it well.
No matter what he may say, don't trust him.
No matter what he says, don't trust him.
No matter what I do, she says I can do better.
No matter what I try, I can't seem to give up smoking.
No matter what you do, do your best.
No matter what you do, I'll still love you.
No matter what you do, you have to do your best.
No matter what you may say, I won't change my mind.
No matter what you say, I don't think Tom is a nice guy.
No matter what you say, I won't change my mind.
No matter what you say, I won't give up.
No matter what you say, I'm convinced I'm right.
No matter what you say, I'm convinced that I'm right.
No matter what, I'm not going to give up.
No matter where I go, I get lost.
No matter where you go, I'll follow you.
No matter where you may go, don't forget to write to me.
No matter who comes, don't open the door.
No matter who says so, I can't believe that.
No matter who says so, it's not true.
No matter who you ask, you won't be able to get a satisfactory answer.
No mountain in Japan is higher than Mt. Fuji.
No nation can exist completely isolated from others.
No one admires him more than I do.
No one ate any of the cookies that I made.
No one can come in without our permission.
No one can deny the fact that fire burns.
No one can force you to do anything against your will.
No one can keep me from going there.
No one can predict where lightning will strike.
No one can tell what'll happen in the future.
No one comforted me when I was sad.
No one could be sure what would happen then.
No one doubts her fitness for the post.
No one else at the party spoke French.
No one else knows how to do it.
No one ever knew the true story except the three of us.
No one expected him to be a candidate again.
No one found any reason to criticize his actions.
No one from Tom's family attended the wedding.
No one had the guts to say anything.
No one has been able to reach the top of the mountain.
No one has come forward to claim responsibility for what happened.
No one has ever said such things to me.
No one has heard Tom say Mary's name.
No one has succeeded in solving the mystery.
No one has the right to tell you how to live your life.
No one has the right to tell you how to raise your child.
No one has time for that sort of thing.
No one has yet found the fountain of youth.
No one here seems to want our help.
No one I know can afford to eat out anymore.
No one I know wears a tie anymore.
No one in his class can run faster than he does.
No one in my family can do that.
No one in their right mind would do this.
No one in their right mind would walk in those woods at night.
No one is able to run as fast as Tom.
No one is asking you to eat that.
No one is coming to look for you.
No one is more determined than I am.
No one is so poor that he cannot afford to be neat.
No one is sure how many people died.
No one is too old to learn French.
No one is working here today, except Tom.
No one is working. Everyone's watching the World Cup.
No one knew how much Tom loved Mary.
No one knows exactly how many people considered themselves hippies.
No one knows how long the pandemic will last.
No one knows how many people died in that battle.
No one knows how to fix this problem.
No one knows what has become of her.
No one knows what has happened to him.
No one knows what'll happen in the future.
No one knows when such a custom first came into existence.
No one knows when that's going to happen.
No one knows who fired the first shot.
No one knows why Tom wanted to do that.
No one liked President Buchanan's message to Congress.
No one listens to me when I talk.
No one loves you as much as I do.
No one makes chicken soup like my mother.
No one noticed till it was too late.
No one on board the sinking ship could swim.
No one really knows what a UFO is like.
No one seems to have the guts to do that anymore.
No one seems to know what this is used for.
No one seems to listen to us anymore.
No one told me that he had failed.
No one told me that she had failed.
No one under thirty has any idea what that is.
No one uses that kind of weapon anymore.
No one wants to do that, you know.
No one wants to listen to my opinions.
No one wants to look like a fool.
No one wants to play chess with me.
No one wants to talk about books anymore.
No one wants to talk to us anymore.
No one was able to find the answer.
No one was supposed to know about that.
No one will lay a finger on you as long as I live.
No other mountain in the world is so high as Mt. Everest.
No other student in the class is as brilliant as he is.
No person achieves success or happiness when compelled to do what he naturally dislikes to do.
No practical joker should be without a whoopee cushion.
No problem. I can sleep on the couch.
No sinner is ever saved after the first twenty minutes of a sermon.
No sooner had he arrived than he fell sick.
No sooner had he arrived than the bus departed.
No sooner had he met his family than he burst into tears.
No sooner had he said it than he was sorry.
No sooner had I gone out than it began to rain.
No sooner had I hung up than the phone started ringing again.
No sooner had I left the house than it started to rain.
No sooner had she caught sight of me than she started running in my direction.
No sooner had she opened the door than a cat ran out.
No sooner had Tom turned on the TV than the fuse blew.
No stars could be seen in the sky.
No student was able to answer the question.
No wild tigers are to be found in Africa.
Nobody can believe in you more than yourself.
Nobody can foresee when the war will end.
Nobody can get along with such a person.
Nobody can see this movie without being moved.
Nobody cares how much the dinner is going to cost.
Nobody contributed to the understanding of dreams as much as Freud.
Nobody could explain how the thing was made.
Nobody could've known that this was going to happen.
Nobody goes outside in this kind of weather.
Nobody had to tell Tom. He already knew.
Nobody having anything more to say, the meeting was closed.
Nobody I know ever paid sticker price for a car.
Nobody is allowed to leave the classroom until the bell rings.
Nobody is going to tell Tom and Mary that they can't do that.
Nobody is so busy that they cannot find time to read.
Nobody knows how long the pandemic will last.
Nobody knows what goes on behind those doors.
Nobody knows what happened to all that money.
Nobody knows what it is that has been bothering him so much.
Nobody knows what will happen in the future.
Nobody noticed that the picture was hung upside down.
Nobody seems to have paid attention to what he said.
Nobody told me it was going to get this cold.
Nobody told me where the meeting was going to be.
Nobody understood why the elephant suddenly turned on its owner.
Nobody wanted to get up from the table.
Nobody wants to be the first one to jump into the pool.
Nobody wants to work outdoors on a cold day.
Nobody was allowed to go out of the room.
Nobody will say it so bluntly, but that is the gist of it.
Nobody's ever been as nice to me as you have.
Nobody's going to shed any tears if that old building gets torn down.
Noise is the most serious problem for those who live around the airports.
None of his students could solve the problem.
None of the four boys had an alibi.
None of the old trees survived the fire.
None of the passengers were wearing seat belts.
None of the teachers could solve the problem.
None of the victims' names have been released.
None of them would admit to being the culprit.
None of this makes any sense to me.
None of Tom's teammates seemed to like him very much.
None of us are opposed to his ideas.
None of us had any idea what was going to happen.
None of us plan to go swimming today.
None of us want to go, but either you or your wife has to go.
None of you have any idea what I've been through.
Not a day goes by without our hearing of an environmental problem.
Not a day seems to pass without newspapers reporting the war.
Not a single star could be seen in the sky.
Not a sound was heard in the room.
Not a sound was to be heard in the concert hall.
Not a star was to be seen in the sky.
Not all English people like fish and chips.
Not all of the passengers were wearing seat belts.
Not all of us are born with musical talent.
Not doing one's work properly may be worse than not doing it at all.
Not every book on the desk belongs to me.
Not everybody was as lucky as we were.
Not everyone believed this plan was a good one.
Not everything that you read on the Internet is true.
Not far from the village, a shell exploded.
Not feeling well, I stayed home all day.
Not feeling well, I stayed home on that day.
Not knowing her telephone number, I couldn't call her.
Not knowing his address, she didn't write to him.
Not knowing what to answer, I kept silent.
Not knowing what to do, he asked me for help.
Not knowing what to do, I asked for help.
Not knowing what to do, I asked for his advice.
Not knowing what to do, I asked him for advice.
Not knowing what to do, I asked him for help.
Not knowing what to do, I called her.
Not knowing what to do, I did nothing.
Not knowing what to do, I telephoned the police.
Not knowing what to say, he remained silent.
Not knowing what to say, I kept silent.
Not knowing what to say, I remained silent.
Not many people know how to do this.
Not only did he teach school, but he wrote novels.
Not only does he speak French, he can also speak English.
Not only does Tom play the harmonica, he plays the guitar, too.
Not too long ago, I wasn't able to play the guitar at all.
Nothing can force me to give it up.
Nothing could be heard but the ticking of the clock.
Nothing could induce him to change his mind.
Nothing gave her greater pleasure than to watch her son growing up.
Nothing has been heard from him since he left for America.
Nothing has changed since the beginning of humanity.
Nothing has changed since the dawn of humanity.
Nothing in the world is stronger than the will to survive.
Nothing is as difficult as coming up with a simple explanation for something difficult.
Nothing is more contemptible than respect that is based on fear.
Nothing is more disappointing than to lose in the finals.
Nothing is more pleasant than taking a rest after hard work.
Nothing is more pleasant than to take a walk on a fine spring day.
Nothing is more valuable than time, but nothing is less valued.
Nothing out of the ordinary happened on our trip.
Nothing was the way I had imagined it.
Nothing we have done today has gone according to plan.
Nothing would make me happier than to see you happy.
Novels aren't being read as much as they used to be.
Novels aren't being read as much as they were in the past.
Now I have to start all over again.
Now I realise why she was angry with me.
Now is a great time to buy one of those.
Now is the time when we must work together.
Now my income is twice what it was two years ago.
Now tell us what we want to know.
Now ten dollars buys less than five dollars did three years ago.
Now that he has gone, we miss him very much.
Now that he is old, it is your duty to go look after him.
Now that he is old, it is your duty to look after him.
Now that I have a girlfriend, I'm happy.
Now that I have a job, I can be independent of my parents.
Now that I have enough money, I can get that camera.
Now that I know what to expect, I won't be surprised.
Now that I see these pictures, I remember.
Now that it's stopped raining, we can go home.
Now that my brother is a university student, he has to do a lot of reading.
Now that school is over, you can go home.
Now that the weather is good, let's go outside.
Now that Tom is unemployed, he has quite a bit of free time.
Now that you are an adult, you should know better.
Now that you are eighteen, you can get a driver's license.
Now that you are grown up, you must not behave like a child.
Now that you have finished your job, you are free to go home.
Now that you have finished your work, you are free to go home.
Now that you know the truth, perhaps you'll feel better.
Now that you mention it, what happened to that man who used to work here?
Now that you've decided to quit your job, you look happy.
Now the mountain is hidden by the clouds.
Now we need to wait for a while.
Now why would you go and do a stupid thing like that?
Now you've come of age, you have the right to vote.
Now, I can cross that off my bucket list.
Now, tell me what I want to know.
Now, what else can I do for you?
Nowadays his father goes to work by car.
Nowadays it is not unusual for a woman to travel alone.
Nowadays more and more people prefer country life to city life.
Nowadays, almost every home has one or two televisions.
Nuclear energy is produced by splitting atoms or by bringing them together.
Nuclear weapons are a threat to all humanity.
Numbers that can be expressed as fractions of two whole numbers are called rational numbers.
O positive is the most common blood type.
Oats have long been food for horses and mules.
Oceans do not so much divide the world as unite it.
October is Tom's favorite month, and perhaps mine, too.
Of all my friends, he is the closest.
Of all the languages I've studied, French was the hardest.
Of all the possible reasons, he chose the least expected one.
Of all the things Tom did last weekend, he says that windsurfing was the most fun.
Of all these cakes, I like this one best.
Of course you can trust me. Have I ever given you a bum steer before?
Of course! Why didn't I think of that before?
Of course, recognizing our common humanity is only the beginning of our task.
Of the 23 who were arrested, four escaped.
Of the eight, only one was found guilty.
Of the three boys, the youngest is the most attractive.
Of the two girls, she is the younger.
Of us all, Tom was by far the best swimmer.
Officially, he works for us as an interpreter.
Oh my gosh! You're the last person I expected to meet in a situation like this.
Oh, I haven't decided what I'm going to do yet.
Oh, I'm sorry. I guess I have the wrong number.
Oh, sorry, I didn't know it was against the rules.
Oh, sorry, I didn't know it was illegal.
Oh, take your time. I'm in no hurry.
Oil and water won't blend with each other.
Oil has been discovered under the North Sea.
Oil has played an important part in the progress of civilization.
OK, let me see what I can do.
Old people are inclined to look back on the past.
Older carpets are more valuable than newer carpets.
On a clear day, we can see Mt. Fuji in the distance.
On a clear day, you can see Mt. Fuji from here.
On a clear day, you can see Mt. Fuji.
On a first date, it's best to steer clear of touchy subjects.
On a good day, you can see the coast of Estonia from Helsinki.
On a hot day, nothing is better than a cold beer.
On an island in the Seine, there is a big church called Notre Dame.
On average, how many carbonated beverages do you drink daily?
On average, how many cups of coffee do you drink daily?
On behalf of my classmates, let me say a few words of thanks to you.
On behalf of the company, I welcome you.
On behalf of the company, I would like to express our hearty thanks to you all.
On Christmas Day, Tom's right leg was still in a cast.
On hearing the bad news, she burst into tears.
On hearing the news of the birth of his first child, he jumped for joy.
On my way home from school yesterday, I was caught in a shower.
On my way home, I came across an old friend.
On my way to the library I met my friend.
On Saturday, we went to the movies and then to a restaurant.
On second thought, I think I will have a slice of that pie.
On the American flag, there's a star for every state.
On the following day, we all had terrible hangovers.
On the other hand, there are some disadvantages.
On the plate was a piece of chicken, a potato and some green peas.
On the same day, Apollo 11 succeeded in landing on the moon's surface.
On the tenth of next month, they'll have been married for twenty years.
On the whole, I think your plan is a very good one.
On the whole, my company is doing well now.
On weekends, I get up later than usual.
On weekends, I take my dogs out for a long walk in the park.
Once a bad habit is formed, it is hard to get rid of it.
Once a bad habit is formed, it's hard to get rid of it.
Once a month, I go to the hairdresser.
Once a species goes extinct, it's gone forever.
Once again, I was able to escape death.
Once he had written the letter, he sent it.
Once outside, I gave a deep sigh of relief.
Once she starts talking, there is no stopping her.
Once the teacher organized a banquet and invited all the neighbors.
Once upon a time, there lived a beautiful princess.
Once upon a time, there lived a cruel king.
Once upon a time, there lived a great king in Greece.
Once upon a time, there lived a poor man and a rich woman.
Once upon a time, there lived a stingy old man in the village.
Once upon a time, there was a beautiful princess.
Once upon a time, there was a pretty little house way out in the country.
Once washed, the lining will look brand new.
Once you have made a promise, you should keep it.
Once you walk through the gates, you'll see the garden.
Once you've formed a bad habit, you can't get rid of it easily.
Once you've started something, don't give it up.
One can't help many, but many can help one.
One day he went to see the doctor.
One day, they're going to take away your driver's license.
One does not wear a red mini skirt to a funeral.
One drop of this poison is enough to kill 160 people.
One good friend is better than ten relatives.
One hour of sleep before midnight is worth two hours after.
One hundred and fifty people entered the marathon race.
One is new, and the other is old.
One is red and the other is white.
One king after another succeeded to the throne during those few years.
One man's terrorist is another man's freedom fighter.
One million people lost their lives in the war.
One moment, they were arguing and the next they were kissing.
One month after he had become ill, he died.
One more person will be joining us later.
One more thing. If you try anything on Mayu I'll break your spine.
One morning, she unexpectedly met him on the street.
One mouse is running around in the room.
One of her three cars is blue and the others are white.
One of his two daughters lives in Tokyo, and the other in Nara.
One of my dreams is to one day see the aurora borealis.
One of my favorite authors is Herman Melville.
One of my favorite tunes was playing on the radio.
One of my friends bought a red car.
One of my hobbies is collecting old stamps.
One of my hobbies is making artificial flowers.
One of my neighbors called and said I left one of my windows open.
One of my wisdom teeth is coming in.
One of the apples fell to the ground.
One of the bulls pushed the fence down.
One of the buttons on my raincoat got torn off.
One of the children is studying, but the others are playing.
One of the children left the door open.
One of the fan blades broke loose and shattered against the wall.
One of the fellows you were with is a friend of mine.
One of the items on your wish list is on sale.
One of the journalists asked me some questions.
One of the magazines is for boys, and the other one is for girls.
One of the main products of this country is coffee.
One of the men had a large red scar across his forehead.
One of the names on the list was mine.
One of the people you were with is a friend of mine.
One of the tigers has escaped from the zoo.
One of the twins is alive, but the other is dead.
One of you two is going to have to go there.
One out of 455 women doesn't realize she's pregnant until the twentieth week of pregnancy.
One person more or less doesn't make much difference.
One problem translators face is that sometimes the source document is poorly written.
One should bear in mind that time is money.
One sniff of that stuff was enough to make me sick.
One store decided to pull the controversial CD from its shelves.
One thing I've always wanted to do is get a decent job close to home.
One thing I've always wanted to do is go camping with my family.
One thing I've always wanted to do is learn to fly an airplane.
One thing I've always wanted to do is write a children's book.
One thing you should know about me is that I'm a little overweight.
One thing you should know about me is that I'm obsessed with punctuality.
One third of the friends I grew up with are dead.
One word is enough for a wise man.
One's point of view depends on the point where one sits.
One's success in life has little to do with one's inborn gift.
Only 16 percent of the teachers of this school are female.
Only a camel could leave footprints like that.
Only a few drops of rain have fallen.
Only a few of the passengers were badly injured.
Only a few TV programs are worth watching.
Only a fool would do something like that.
Only a handful of people came to the meeting.
Only a handful of people know the fact.
Only members of the club are entitled to use this room.
Only one person knows the answer to this question.
Only one third of the members turned up at the meeting.
Only six people were present at the party.
Only strict adherence to the rules will prevent chaos.
Only ten people showed up for the party.
Only the best is good enough for you.
Only those who do nothing don't make mistakes.
Only those who risk going too far will know how far one can go.
Only three of the twelve islands are inhabited.
Only time will tell you if you're right.
Only young children and old fools tell the truth.
Open the curtains and let the sunshine in.
Open the door and let in the dog.
Open the door and let me in, please.
Open the door and let the dog in.
Open the windows to let in some air.
Open your mouth and stick out your tongue.
Opponents say genetically engineered crops can cross-pollinate and damage other crops.
Opportunities like this don't come along every day.
Oprah Winfrey has great influence over her fans.
Orion is one of the most recognizable constellations.
Osaka is the second largest city of Japan.
Ostriches are not known for having a good sense of humor.
Other scientists are debating his theory about the disappearance of dinosaurs.
Our ancestors arrived in this country 150 years ago.
Our ancestors came to this country 150 years ago.
Our ancestors developed massive jaws as a result of constant combat.
Our apartment is starting to look pretty cool.
Our army attacked the enemy during the night.
Our bike tour of the French Alps lasted two weeks.
Our boss doesn't let us take coffee breaks.
Our bus left at eight, arriving in Boston at eleven.
Our car broke down in the middle of the street.
Our car broke down on our way there.
Our car broke down, so we had to call a taxi.
Our car is three years older than yours.
Our car ran out of gas after ten minutes.
Our car ran out of gas after two minutes.
Our children all go to the local school.
Our children like dogs, but I prefer cats.
Our city is rather small in comparison with Tokyo.
Our city police have a new campaign targeting drunken driving.
Our class has twenty-five boys and twenty girls.
Our club will hold its monthly meeting next Wednesday.
Our company is planning to build a new chemical plant in Russia.
Our company wants to take part in that research project.
Our company's showroom was a hit with the ladies.
Our country is going through a difficult time.
Our country is running short of energy resources.
Our current house is too small, so we decided to move.
Our daughter burned her finger with a match.
Our debt is more than we can pay.
Our destination is still a long way off.
Our dog is never allowed in the house.
Our dog was nearly run over by a car.
Our education system needs to be seriously revamped.
Our escape was nothing short of a miracle.
Our eyes take time to adjust to the dark.
Our eyes take time to adjust to the darkness.
Our fire alarm sometimes goes off when my mother is cooking something in the kitchen.
Our firm is on the verge of bankruptcy, I'm ashamed to say.
Our French teacher gives us a test every Monday.
Our garbage is collected three times a week.
Our guide knows the history of all these places.
Our hens laid a lot of eggs yesterday.
Our holiday plans are still up in the air.
Our house has seven rooms including the dining room.
Our house was broken into by burglars last night.
Our house was robbed while we were away.
Our kids are all tucked in. Now we can kick back and relax.
Our knowledge on the problem is rather limited.
Our local TV station does a pretty good job of covering local news.
Our math teacher drew a circle on the blackboard.
Our mother had no choice but to make dinner with leftovers.
Our mountains aren't really very high. Yours are much bigger.
Our music teacher advised me to visit Vienna.
Our negotiations to lower export taxes suffered a big setback.
Our neighbors were forced to sell their house.
Our new method of doing that is quicker and more efficient.
Our new store is due to open in October.
Our new teacher is fresh out of college.
Our office is on the northern side of the building.
Our parents helped us buy a new apartment.
Our parents took care of us and now it's our turn to take care of them.
Our plane took off exactly at 6 p.m.
Our plans fell through at the last minute.
Our plans for the vacation are still up in the air.
Our preacher preaches the same sermon every Christmas.
Our price is considerably higher than the current market price.
Our problem is how to get in touch with him.
Our project didn't get off the ground until he joined the company.
Our rent is four times as much as it was ten years ago.
Our restaurant won't be open on Christmas Eve.
Our school has a gym but not a swimming pool.
Our school is a ten-minute walk from here.
Our school is further away than the station.
Our school is on the other side of the station.
Our school prohibits us from going to the movies alone.
Our server will be offline on October 20th for scheduled maintenance.
Our shuttle bus will pick you up at the airport.
Our soccer team won every game last season.
Our sphere of influence has expanded so much since then.
Our store is open every day of the year except Christmas and New Year's.
Our studio is still located on Park Street.
Our success was due in part to good luck.
Our task has been easy so far, but it will be difficult from now on.
Our teacher doesn't just speak English, but French too.
Our teacher had hardly finished the class when the bell rang.
Our teacher has a wonderful sense of humor.
Our teacher often overlooked his name on the list.
Our teacher speaks French as well as English.
Our teacher tried to use a new method of teaching English.
Our teacher warned him not to be late again.
Our team beat the Lions 3 to 0.
Our team didn't reach the playoffs this year.
Our team has now lost three games in a row.
Our team is likely to win the game.
Our team is the worst team in the league.
Our team returned home after a huge victory.
Our trading companies do business all over the world.
Our train had already pulled out when we arrived at the station.
Our trip was canceled due to the heavy snow.
Our ultimate goal is to establish world peace.
Our vacation will be over in three days.
Our visitors are sitting in the living room.
Our whole case hinges on whether the government's actions were constitutional or not.
Our world is only a small part of the universe.
Our world is only a tiny part of the universe.
Out of the two, I choose the less expensive one.
Out of twenty students, only one had read the book.
Out of twenty students, only one has read the book.
Outside the school, she saw people with no homes living in cardboard boxes.
Outside, there's a long line to get in.
Over 4 million Australians communicate in a language other than English.
Over the holidays, I spent days doing nothing.
Over time, wooden doors can warp or swell, making the door difficult to close.
Overtaxed heart, kidneys and liver are inevitable results of too much food.
Owing to the snow, the train was delayed.
Owing to the storm, the ship could not leave port.
Pablo Neruda was Chile's ambassador to France in 1971.
Painting is another thing I can do fairly well.
Painting is another thing that I can do relatively well.
Papa made sure all the lights were turned off before going to bed.
Paparazzi thronged both sides of the red carpet.
Paper napkins are sold in packs of ten.
Paper production remained a state secret for a long time.
Pardon me, is there an ATM in this area?
Pardon me, what's the name of this place?
Parents are responsible for the safety of their children.
Parents can pass many diseases on to their offspring.
Parents must look after the well-being of the their children.
Parents must provide their children with proper food and clothing.
Parents should be role models for their children.
Parents should come and pick up their children after band practice.
Parents should spend quality time with their children.
Parents teach their children that it's wrong to lie.
Parents who beat their children really make my blood boil.
Paris is one of the cities I visited last year.
Paris is one of the largest cities in the world.
Paris wouldn't be Paris without the Eiffel Tower.
Part of this conviction is rooted in my own experience.
Participants in a seance try to contact the dead.
Pass the ball quickly to a person behind you.
Pasta heated up again is never any good.
Patience is a virtue that I don't possess.
Patting me on the shoulder, he thanked me for helping him.
Pay attention to what others around you are doing.
Peace has returned after three years of war.
Peel the orange and give me a piece.
People always ask me why I do what I do.
People are leaving rural areas and moving into cities.
People are more educated now than they used to be.
People are saying that the crisis is over.
People are singing and dancing in the street.
People are sometimes tempted to eat more than they should.
People ask you for criticism, but they only want praise.
People can choose to start loving, but can't choose to stop.
People can easily start loving, but not so easily stop.
People can easily tell the difference between them.
People can turn to the law if they want to correct an injustice.
People can't do a lot of things at the same time.
People celebrate New Year's Day in many different ways.
People change. There's not much you can do about it.
People die, but the things they create endure.
People from all around the world attended to his funeral.
People have a tendency to underestimate their future needs.
People have eaten with their fingers from the beginning of history.
People have lost the ability to disagree without being disagreeable.
People in these areas are growing hungrier each year.
People in towns are attracted by life in the country.
People living in town don't know the pleasures of country life.
People look at things differently depending on whether they are rich or poor.
People make mistakes in a situation like this.
People might think you're stupid if you do that.
People mistakenly think that the past was better than the present.
People no longer consider it strange for men to let their hair grow long.
People of my generation all think the same way about this.
People often refer to themselves in the third person when talking to children.
People over the age of 18 can drive cars.
People say I look about the same age as my sister.
People say that he is the richest man in this town.
People say that Japan is the richest country in the world.
People should be the masters of their own destinies.
People tend to raise their voices when they get excited.
People used to laugh at him behind his back.
People usually become famous at the cost of their privacy.
People usually don't like what they can't understand.
People usually don't like what they don't understand.
People were lined up around the block waiting for the theater to open.
People who are afraid of making mistakes will make no progress in English conversation.
People who break their promises can't be trusted.
People who constantly talk about themselves bore me.
People who don't want to go, don't have to.
People who go to bed early and get up early live a long time.
People who hurt children do not deserve mercy.
People who ignore history tend to repeat it.
People who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.
People who talk about themselves all the time bore me.
People who wait on you here are very friendly.
People who will lie for you, will lie to you.
People will laugh at you if you do something as stupid as that.
People with rheumatoid arthritis symptoms should be careful about what they eat.
Perhaps I should take an umbrella with me just in case.
Perhaps Tom can help you find a job.
Perhaps we should consider what would happen if we don't do this.
Perhaps we shouldn't be talking about this here.
Perhaps you should do the same thing I'm doing.
Perhaps you would have preferred a French dish.
Perhaps you've misunderstood the aim of our project.
Perseverance, as you know, is the key to success.
Pershing's forces were not sent directly into battle.
Personally, I don't think it makes any difference who wins the election.
Pets aren't allowed in the apartment building where I live.
Philosophers tend to have little contact with the outside world.
Philosophy is not a thing one can learn in six months.
Phone me as soon as you get there.
Photography is now considered a new form of art.
Picasso kept drawing pictures until he was 91 years old.
Pick out the shirt that you like best.
Pick up that paper there on the floor.
Pick up your guitar and play us a tune.
Piercings can be a form of rebellion for teenagers.
Pizza is the kind of food that fits into today's life style.
Plastic kills countless seabirds and sea turtles each year.
Plastic surgery alone will not make you any less ugly.
Plastics have taken the place of many conventional materials.
Platypuses aren't the only mammals that lay eggs.
Play your cards right and Tom might invite you to his party.
Playing Russian roulette isn't really a good idea.
Please accept our condolences on the death of your father.
Please allow me to ask you a few questions.
Please ask the secretary to stock the office supplies in the storage room.
Please be careful not to break this vase.
Please be careful that you don't break this vase.
Please be quiet. I'm trying to get some sleep.
Please be sure to take one dose three times a day.
Please be sure to turn off the light before you leave.
Please boil the eggs just a little so that even the whites are not quite hard.
Please book me a room in a first-class hotel.
Please bring a cup of tea to me.
Please bring me the book next time you come.
Please check all the items on this list.
Please choose between this one and that one.
Please clean up this room before everyone arrives.
Please come around someday when you aren't busy.
Please come here between two and three this afternoon.
Please come in and make yourselves at home.
Please come into my room to help me.
Please come pick up your package at the reception.
Please come to my house in the afternoon.
Please come to my office in the afternoon.
Please come to my room to help me.
Please continue until I tell you to stop.
Please correct me if I make a mistake.
Please do not write in this library book.
Please do what we asked you to do.
Please don't blow your nose on the tablecloth.
Please don't forget to put a stamp on the letter before mailing it.
Please don't forget to put stamps on the letters that I gave you to mail.
Please don't forget to turn off the light before you go to bed.
Please don't hesitate to ask me any questions.
Please don't lean out of the window when we're moving.
Please don't make me go to school anymore.
Please don't make me laugh. I did too many sit-ups yesterday and my stomach muscles hurt.
Please don't make so much noise. I'm trying to work.
Please don't make things more complicated than they already are.
Please don't nitpick just for the sake of nitpicking.
Please don't talk about me when I'm gone.
Please drop in when you happen to be in the neighborhood.
Please drop it in the mail if it's not out of your way.
Please excuse me for calling you so early in the morning.
Please fasten your seat belt during takeoff and landing.
Please feel free to ask me any question.
Please feel free to have a second helping.
Please fetch me a chair from the next room.
Please fill in your name and address on this form.
Please fill out this form and wait for us to notify you.
Please fill out this questionnaire and send it to us.
Please follow my finger without moving your head.
Please forgive me for forgetting to call you.
Please forgive me for not answering your letter.
Please forgive me for not having written to you earlier.
Please forward this to as many people as possible.
Please get all of your junk out of this room.
Please get here at least fifteen minutes before the meeting starts.
Please give me a little more time to think about it.
Please give me a piece of paper to write on.
Please give me some advice on what I should do.
Please give me some kind of medicine to curb the pain.
Please give my best to the entire family.
Please hand this in at the front desk.
Please hang up and the operator will call you back.
Please have a seat and wait until your name is called.
Please have my baggage brought to the station.
Please have the porter take the baggage to our room.
Please help me cut up vegetables for the salad.
Please help me. I don't know what I'm doing.
Please help yourself to some apple pie. I baked it for you.
Please inform me of any changes in the situation.
Please just leave me alone. I want to think.
Please just tell me what it is you want to do.
Please knock on the door before you enter.
Please leave your message on my answering machine.
Please lend me the video when you have seen it.
Please lend me this book for a few days.
Please let me have a look at those pictures.
Please let me know as soon as it's decided.
Please let me know if you feel uncomfortable.
Please let me know if you have any questions.
Please let me off in front of that building.
Please let me pick up your sister at the station.
Please let me see your passport and boarding pass.
Please let me stay a little bit longer.
Please let us know if you find any mistakes.
Please listen to me when I'm speaking to you.
Please look at the top of my glasses.
Please mail this form to your insurance company.
Please mail this letter on your next trip to the post office.
Please make certain your seat belt is fastened.
Please make sure that you get here on time.
Please make sure that your username and password are correct.
Please make sure the drinking water is pure.
Please make sure your seat belt is fastened.
Please make sure your username and password are correct.
Please make your reservation one week in advance.
Please move the chair. It's in the way.
Please move the TV set to the left.
Please move this stone from here to there.
Please move to the rear of the bus.
Please note that the price is subject to change.
Please note the change in the meeting agenda.
Please open your bag so that I can see what you have in it.
Please pay a deposit of two month's rent.
Please permit me to ask you some questions.
Please pick me up at the hotel at six o'clock.
Please promise me that you won't do that.
Please promise me that you'll never lie to me again.
Please promise me you'll never lie to me again.
Please push this button at once in case of emergency.
Please put a lot of cream in my coffee.
Please put a lump of sugar in my coffee.
Please put out your cigarettes before entering the museum.
Please put some candles on the birthday cake.
Please put the chair away. It is in the way.
Please put this where children can't reach it.
Please refer to the owner's manual for more details.
Please refrain from taking pictures in this area.
Please remain seated until the aircraft arrives at the gate.
Please remain seated until the bus comes to a complete stop.
Please remember to mail the letter on your way home.
Please remember to mail this letter on your way to school tomorrow morning.
Please remember to turn off the light before going to bed.
Please remember to wake me up at seven tomorrow morning.
Please remind me to mail the report tomorrow.
Please remind me to write a letter tomorrow.
Please remove all of your clothes, except your underwear.
Please remove your shoes before entering the house.
Please replace the empty ink cartridge in the printer.
Please replace the empty ink jet cartridge in the printer.
Please say hello to her if you see her at the party.
Please say hello to your parents for me.
Please say hello to your wife for me.
Please see to it that the child does not go near the pond.
Please see to it that the dog doesn't go out.
Please send any complaints or suggestions to the following email address.
Please send me a letter as soon as you arrive.
Please send me a reply as soon as you receive this mail.
Please show me the way to the station.
Please speak louder so everybody can hear you.
Please speak loudly, so I can hear you.
Please speak more loudly so everybody can hear you.
Please spend a few minutes thinking about this.
Please step back and keep behind the line.
Please step back from the edge of the platform.
Please step up here, then sit on this table.
Please stick around after the concert. We'll be signing autographs.
Please stop beating around the bush and come straight to the point.
Please stop talking. I need to concentrate on my game.
Please take care of my dog while I'm away.
Please take off all of your clothes from the waist down.
Please take off all of your clothes from the waist up.
Please take your time before deciding what to do.
Please tell me how much you paid for that.
Please tell me how to get to the airport.
Please tell me how to pronounce this word.
Please tell me how you plan to do that.
Please tell me the answer to the question.
Please tell me the reason why she got angry.
Please tell me what else I need to add.
Please tell me what I should do first.
Please tell me what you know about it.
Please tell me what you think about this article.
Please tell me when you can't hear this anymore.
Please tell me where the bus stop is.
Please tell me where the police station is.
Please tell me where to park my car.
Please tell me which bus to take to get to the station.
Please tell me which bus to take to go downtown.
Please tell me which of the two cameras is better.
Please tell me which railway line to use from the airport to downtown.
Please tell me your name and telephone number.
Please tell me. I really want to hear it.
Please tell the others everything you've just told me.
Please think it over and let me know your decision.
Please turn down the volume a little bit more.
Please turn off the light before you go to bed.
Please turn off the light so that I can sleep.
Please turn off the light when you leave the room.
Please turn off the lights when you leave the room.
Please turn off the radio and turn on the TV.
Please turn out the light so that I can sleep.
Please turn up the AC a little bit.
Please use a pencil to write down your name.
Please wait a moment and don't hang up.
Please wait until 3:00. She'll be back then.
Please wait until I have finished writing this letter.
Please wait until we get the results of the examination.
Please wake me up at 6 tomorrow morning.
Please wake me up at seven tomorrow morning.
Please wake me up at six tomorrow morning.
Please write down what I'm going to say.
Please write down your name, address, and phone number here.
Please write to me from time to time.
Please write to me once in a while.
Please write your name at the bottom of this paper.
Plenty of people were waiting for the bus.
Plutonium-244 has a half-life of 80 million years.
Police are investigating the cause of the accident.
Police brutality has been a problem for a long time.
Police used rubber bullets to subdue the rioters.
Polish girls didn't want Justin Bieber to come to Poland.
Poor eyesight is a handicap to a sportsman.
Population growth has given rise to serious social problems.
Portugal has decriminalized the possession of drugs for personal use.
Portugal is not as close to France as Spain.
Possible side effects include blurred vision and shortness of breath.
Possibly the factory will be closed down next week.
Power tends to corrupt and absolute power corrupts absolutely.
Poyang Lake is the largest freshwater lake in China.
Practice is the only way to master foreign languages.
Preparing a room for painting is the most important step in the process.
Prepositions generally cause problems for foreign language students.
Presently the plan is still in the air.
Preserves must be stored in a jar with an airtight seal.
President Lincoln was what we call a self-made man.
Press the green button. If you do so, the light will go on.
Preventive measures are much more effective than the actual treatment.
Prices are double what they were ten years ago.
Prices are double what they were two years ago.
Prices are lower on the other side of the border.
Primitive calculating machines existed long before computers were developed.
Prince William is second in line to the English throne.
Private detectives were hired to look into the strange case.
Prizes will be awarded at the end of the contest.
Probably the reason that Tom can't go is because he doesn't have any money.
Probably the reason Tom can't go is because he doesn't have any money.
Probably you are allergic to pollen or dust.
Professional translators quite often specialize in just one field, for example law or medicine.
Promise me that you won't sell your guitar to anyone but me.
Promise me you won't get mad if I tell you.
Promise me you won't make fun of me.
Providing energy to the poor without destroying the planet any further is this century's biggest challenge.
Public opinion was strongly in favor of the project.
Publication of the article was timed to coincide with the professor's birthday.
Puns are very hard, if not impossible, to translate.
Push the red button if something strange happens.
Push this button and the door will open.
Put a sprig of mint on top as a garnish.
Put all your waste paper in this basket.
Put another plate on the table. We have a guest.
Put it where children can't get at it.
Put on a jacket so you don't catch a cold.
Put on your pajamas and go to bed.
Put on your shoes. Let's go out for dinner.
Put out your cigarette. Smoking's not permitted here.
Put pressure on the wound to stop the bleeding.
Put some grease on the wheel. It squeaks.
Put some ice on your ankle to keep the swelling down.
Put that book back where you found it.
Put the book back where you found it.
Put the chair in front of the desk.
Put the key in the ignition and start the engine.
Put the knives and forks back in the cupboard.
Put the margarine in a bowl and mix until creamy.
Put the yolks in a large mixing bowl.
Put this book on top of the others.
Put this medicine where children can't get it.
Put this stamp on the postcard and drop it in the mailbox.
Put your pajamas on and go to bed.
Put your skates on and get on the ice.
Put your toys back into the toy box.
Quit sitting on the fence and make a decision!
Quit smoking if you don't want to die early.
Quite a few people came to the meeting yesterday.
Quite a few people came to the party.
Quite a few people couldn't recognize him in that disguise.
Quite a few people were present at the meeting yesterday.
Quite a few shingles flew off the roof during the storm.
Quite by chance, I met my old friend at the airport.
Quito, Ecuador, is a little south of the equator.
Railroad service was suspended because of the fog.
Rain is the water that falls from the clouds.
Raise both of your arms up like this.
Raise your hand if you have a question.
Raise your hand if you know the answer.
Rasputin had the whole Russian court under his spell.
Rather than cutting down on cigarettes, why don't you just give them up?
Rather than doing any good, the rain did a great deal of harm to the crop.
Reaction is not always the best course of action.
Read as many books as you can while you are a student.
Read over your paper before you hand it in.
Read the note at the bottom of the page.
Read this passage and translate it into Japanese.
Reading is the kind of habit that once acquired is never lost.
Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body.
Reading is to the mind what food is to the body.
Real friends stick together through thick and thin.
Real men go to the gym to pump iron, not to do aerobics.
Recently the demand for this product has increased faster than the supply.
Recently there have been a lot of protests in the city.
Recently, I've been thinking about what I want to do with my life.
Recently, many people are finding it hard to make a decent living.
Recently, there have been signs that the economy is picking up steam.
Recently, they have not been giving her her paycheck on time.
Redheads often have a pale complexion and freckles.
Reducing the budget deficit is a major concern of the government.
Refer to the instruction manual if you need to fix the refrigerator.
Refer to the Users' Guide if you have any problems.
Reflect on it a while. You'll see I'm right.
Refugees poured in from all over the country.
Regardless what you say, I don't believe you.
Regular maintenance should keep the machine in good working order.
Relationships built on money will end when the money runs out.
Remember that we are all in the same boat.
Remember that we're all in the same boat.
Remember to mail the letter on your way to school.
Remember to sip your drink, not gulp it.
Remind me that the meeting is on Monday.
Remittances from about 300,000 Comorans contribute about 25% of the country's GDP.
Remote forest clearings turn out to be great places for raves.
Remove the price tags before wrapping your presents.
Repetition does not transform a lie into a truth.
Repetition plays an important role in language study.
Reporters do not hesitate to intrude into people's privacy.
Researchers say that it's easier to lose weight if you eat three square meals a day.
Rest assured that I'll take care of it.
Retrace your steps and maybe you'll find your keys.
Return it to me when you're done with it.
Revenues are growing, but not as fast as costs.
Rhinos are killed by poachers for their horns.
Rice is cultivated in several parts of the world.
Rice is the chief crop in this area.
Rice is the main crop in this area.
Riding a horse is a lot of fun.
Riding a unicycle is one thing I'm not very good at.
Right now I can't think of anything else.
Right now, all I want to do is sleep for a few hours.
Right now, there isn't much I can do.
Right now, we have blueberries, blackberries, cherries, strawberries, peaches and nectarines.
Robert Deniro made a cameo appearance in the movie.
Roger Miller was born on January 2, 1936 in the western city of Fort Worth, Texas.
Roll up your sleeves and get to work.
Rome was the largest city in the world at the time.
Romeo and Juliet is a tragic story of forbidden love.
Ronald Reagan was born in 1911, in the little town of Tampico, Illinois.
Rosa Parks refused to give up her seat for a white passenger.
Rote memorization is useful in some subjects, but not all.
Roughly how long does it take to walk from here to the town hall?
Rules are meant to be kept, not broken.
Rumors of a Wall Street crash sparked a dollar selling spree.
Run fast, or you will be late for school.
Russia is the largest country in the world.
Rwandan rebels are pushing their offensive south as fighting continues in the capital Kigali.
Saint Patrick's Day is celebrated on March 17th.
Saints are always depicted with a halo over their heads.
Sales have dropped off at every big department store.
Salmon can jump up to 12 feet high.
Salmon go up the river and lay their eggs in the sand.
Salt was a rare and costly commodity in ancient times.
Salted monkey nuts are popular in many parts of the world.
Sane people are more of a threat to mentally ill people than vice versa.
Sanitary conditions in the refugee camps were terrible.
Santa Ana was living in exile in Cuba.
Santa Claus comes to see us every year.
Santa Claus comes to see us once a year.
Santa Claus may not come to see us this year.
Save up so that you can go to college.
Save your energy. You're going to need it later.
Say it to his face, not behind his back.
Saying you can't do the job because you're too busy is just a cop out.
School begins at half past eight in the morning.
Schools and roads are services paid for by taxes.
Schools are expected to meet the needs of every child, regardless of ability.
Schools will be closed today due to the weather.
Science begins when you ask why and how.
Science can be used for good or evil purposes.
Science does not solve all of life's problems.
Science does not solve all the problems of life.
Science has brought about many changes in our lives.
Science has discovered that there are five types of human beings.
Science will not solve all of our problems.
Scientific knowledge has greatly advanced since the 16th century.
Scientists are debating his theory about the disappearance of the dinosaurs.
Scientists are fighting to stem the spread of the AIDS virus.
Scientists are slowly piecing together the mechanism of aging.
Scientists can easily compute the distance between planets.
Scientists have found a secret chamber inside Egypt's Great Pyramid.
Scientists haven't found a cure for cancer yet.
Scores of people gathered in front of the Royal Palace.
Scroll down to the bottom of the page.
Sea otters love to eat clams while swimming on their backs.
Sea turtles always return to the beach where they hatched.
Season with salt and pepper and leave to cook for about ten minutes, stirring occasionally.
Security isn't achieved by erecting barriers, but by opening gates.
See that the door is locked before you leave.
See the section below to determine your eligibility.
See to it that all the doors are locked before you go out.
See to it that this problem gets fixed by tomorrow.
See what happens when you give people advice?
See what happens when you tell the truth?
Seeing a rat run across the floor made me never ever want to eat there again.
Seeing that it is 8 o'clock, I think you should leave for school soon.
Seeing the woman with the yellow hat reminded me of a story.
Seen from a distance, it looks like a ball.
Seen from a distance, the big rock looks like an old castle.
Seen from a distance, the stone looks like a human face.
Seen from a distance, this mountain looks like Mt. Fuji.
Seen from afar, the hill resembled an elephant.
Seen from an airplane, the island looks like a big spider.
Seen from the moon, the earth looks like a ball.
Seen from the plane, the island looks very beautiful.
Seen from the sky, the river looked like a huge snake.
Selfie sticks are banned in many museums and galleries.
Selfie sticks are not allowed in this museum.
Send a copy of the report to me.
Send in something to eat or I'll kill a hostage.
Send it to me when you have time.
September is the ninth month of the year.
Serving people is his sole purpose in life.
Seven is believed to be a lucky number.
Seventy percent of a fried egg is water.
Several bridges have been damaged or swept away.
Several children are playing on the sandy beach.
Several cottages have been isolated by the flood water.
Several dozen young people participated in the demonstration.
Several guys were hanging around in front of the bar.
Several houses were carried away by the great flood.
Several houses were washed away by the flood.
Several of my friends have been to Japan this year.
Several parents in the room were bottle feeding their babies.
Several people are sleeping in the next room.
Several people drowned, but many made it to shore.
Several people tried to break through the cordon.
Several people tried to break through the perimeter.
Several politicians exerted strong pressure on the committee.
Several students in the back of the classroom were sleeping.
Several students were absent from school because of colds.
Several thousand people became victims of this disease.
Several yachts were sailing side by side far out at sea.
Sexual harassment has now become a social issue.
Shall I ask her to send the book to us?
Shanghai is referred to as the Paris of the East.
Shark fin soup is very popular in China.
She absolutely trounces me whenever we play Scrabble.
She accepts criticism from anyone but her parents.
She accused him of being inattentive to her.
She accused him of having lied to her.
She acted as if she didn't care what happened.
She acted as if she knew nothing about it.
She acted in a play for the first time.
She added, as an afterthought, that she was going to do some shopping.
She advised him not to believe everything the teacher says.
She advised him not to borrow money from his friends.
She advised him not to buy a used car, but he didn't follow her advice.
She advised him not to buy a used car.
She advised him not to drink too much.
She advised him not to drive too fast, but he wouldn't listen to her.
She advised him not to drive too fast.
She advised him not to eat between meals.
She advised him not to eat too much.
She advised him not to go out by himself at night.
She advised him not to go there by himself.
She advised him not to spend all his money on his girlfriend.
She advised him not to use too much salt, but he wouldn't listen to her.
She advised him not to use too much salt.
She advised him of the date for the next meeting.
She advised him on how to stay healthy.
She advised him on what books to read.
She advised him that he should stay at home.
She advised him to catch the first train in the morning.
She advised him to come back at once.
She advised him to cut down on smoking, but he didn't think that he could.
She advised him to cut down on smoking.
She advised him to fasten his seat belt.
She advised him to give up smoking, but he wouldn't listen to her.
She advised him to go abroad while he was still young.
She advised him to go on a strict diet.
She advised him to go there alone, but he didn't think that was good advice.
She advised him to go to the hospital, but he didn't follow her advice.
She advised him to go to the hospital.
She advised him to go to the police station, but he was afraid to.
She advised him to go to the police station.
She advised him to see a lawyer, so he did.
She advised him to stay in bed for two more days.
She advised him to stop taking that medicine, but he felt he needed to.
She advised him to stop taking that medicine.
She advised him to stop working so much.
She advised him to take a long holiday.
She advised him to take a rest, but he didn't follow her advice.
She advised him to take better care of himself.
She advised him to talk about his life in America.
She advised him to talk about his life in the United States.
She advised him to tell his girlfriend that he loved her.
She advised him to walk instead of taking a bus.
She agreed with him on what to do with the old car.
She agreed with him that I should go to the meeting.
She almost never does what she says she's going to do.
She altered her old clothes to make them look more fashionable.
She always clears the table after a meal.
She always fed her children before she fed her dog.
She always has her hair done by a famous hairdresser.
She always has to be the one giving orders.
She always lets her children do what they want to.
She always prides herself on her academic background.
She always says nice things about him, especially when he's around.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice because he's hard of hearing.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
She always takes her time in choosing her dress.
She always turns a deaf ear to my advice.
She always urges him to try new things.
She always wears clothes which are out of fashion.
She and I are about the same height.
She and I are in the same class.
She and I have about the same number of stamps.
She and I have been married 30 years.
She and I usually have the same opinion.
She apologized to his father for coming home late.
She appears to have a lot of friends.
She applied her mind to her new job.
She approached him with a smile on her face.
She argued with him about their children's education.
She argued with him and then hit him.
She argues just for the sake of arguing.
She arrived when we were about to leave.
She as well as her friends is fond of music.
She asked him for some money to buy a new dress.
She asked him how to get to the station.
She asked him how to turn on the machine.
She asked him if he knew my telephone number.
She asked him if he knew where I lived.
She asked him if he was a student at this school.
She asked him not to leave her alone.
She asked him some questions, but he refused to answer.
She asked him to call her later, but he forgot to.
She asked him to come into her house, but he refused.
She asked him to come into her house.
She asked him to give her some money.
She asked him to help her father clean the garage.
She asked him to not quit his job.
She asked him to read it for her because she had lost her glasses.
She asked him to stay, but he had to go to work.
She asked him where he lived, but he was too smart to tell her.
She asked him why he was crying, but he didn't answer.
She asked if she could use the phone, so I let her.
She asked me for an unreasonable sum of money.
She asked me how many languages I spoke.
She asked me if anything was the matter.
She asked me if I knew how to sew.
She asked me if I knew Tom's address.
She asked me to come to her bedside.
She asked me to continue writing to your father.
She asked me to help her with the work.
She asked me to look after her baby in her absence.
She asked me to pass her the salt.
She asked me to pick her up at the station.
She asked me what had become of him, but I didn't know.
She asked me what had become of him.
She asked me whether I know how to sew.
She asked me whether she could use the telephone.
She asked them to take their shoes off.
She attacked him with a pair of scissors.
She availed herself of every opportunity to improve her English.
She baked bread and cakes in the oven.
She bears an uncanny resemblance to Marilyn Monroe.
She beat him to death with a golf club.
She became a mother when she was fifteen years old.
She became more and more beautiful as she grew older.
She became rich by virtue of hard work and good business sense.
She became scared when she noticed the man following her.
She began doing her homework immediately after dinner.
She believed him when he said he loved her.
She belted out tune after tune at the karaoke bar.
She blames me for the fact that our married life isn't going well.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
She bought a new house the other day.
She bought a shirt for him to wear to the party.
She bought him a camera that was too big to fit in his shirt pocket.
She bought him a sweater, but he hated the color.
She bought six yards of cloth for a dress.
She bought the book for next to nothing.
She brags about how well she can cook.
She braked hard when she saw a child run out into the road.
She breaks a dish every time she washes dishes.
She breaks something every time she cleans the room.
She brought a cup of tea to me.
She brought him to our place to meet my parents.
She brought me a cup of tea without sugar.
She burst into tears when she heard the news.
She burst out laughing when she saw me.
She buys what she wants regardless of the cost.
She called him every bad name she knew.
She called him to say that she'd be late.
She called me up very late last night.
She called to tell him that she'd be late.
She called to tell me that her husband would be out of town for the weekend.
She called up her mother on the phone.
She calls him every night and talks for at least an hour.
She came back just as I was leaving.
She came back ten minutes after the explosion.
She came downstairs with a letter in her hand.
She came here as soon as she heard it.
She came into the room with her hat on.
She came to Japan for the purpose of studying Japanese.
She came to see me the other day.
She came up with a good way of making money by using the Internet.
She came very near to being run over by a car.
She can read even this difficult a kanji.
She can sing better than anybody else in her class.
She can speak not only English but also French.
She can swim as fast as her brother.
She can tell the most outrageous lie without batting an eye.
She can touch her nose with her tongue.
She can't even speak her native language without making mistakes.
She can't stand being treated like a child.
She caught hold of my arm so she wouldn't fall.
She caught me by the arm and stopped me from going home.
She certainly looks beautiful in a Japanese kimono.
She cherishes the precious memories of her childhood.
She claims that she knows nothing about him, but I don't believe her.
She claims that she knows nothing about him.
She clasped my hands and said she was glad to see me.
She cleared away the dishes from the table.
She cleared the dishes from the table after dinner.
She combed her hair and bound it with a ribbon.
She comes to see me from time to time.
She comes to visit us every now and then.
She complained of the room being too hot.
She complained that the picture was too revealing.
She cooks for him every day, but he doesn't appreciate it.
She cooks things for me that I like.
She could always call her parents when she was in a crunch.
She could hardly keep from laughing when she saw the dress.
She could not get over her fear of the dark.
She could not get over her husband's death.
She could not keep her daughter from going out.
She couldn't convince him to accept a personal check.
She couldn't convince him to accept the bribe.
She couldn't convince him to ask for a loan.
She couldn't convince him to buy her a new car.
She couldn't convince him to give a speech.
She couldn't convince him to ride a horse.
She couldn't convince him to write a song for her.
She couldn't fall asleep because she was thinking about him.
She couldn't put up with his rudeness any more.
She couldn't study abroad for lack of money.
She covered the mouthpiece of the phone with her hand.
She cremated him within 24 hours of his death.
She cried and cried, but no one came to comfort her.
She cried and cried, but nobody came to comfort her.
She cried for joy when she heard that her son had survived the plane crash.
She cut the cake into six pieces and gave one to each of the children.
She danced with him at the high school prom.
She decided to drink water instead of soft drinks in order to lose weight.
She decided to marry him even though her parents didn't want her to.
She demanded to see the person in charge.
She denied having been asked to go on a business trip.
She denied having met him even though we saw them talking to each other.
She deposited a large sum of money in the bank.
She despises him only because he is poor.
She devoted her life to helping the handicapped.
She devoted her time to the study of music.
She did her best never to think of him.
She did it for the good of the community.
She did not eat anything until she was rescued.
She did not succeed, but after all that was her first attempt.
She did not visit me on Sunday but on Monday.
She did nothing but cry all the while.
She didn't attend the meeting for fear of meeting her ex-husband.
She didn't even try to do the right thing.
She didn't intend to let him kiss her.
She didn't know what to do with the problem.
She didn't know what to say to him.
She didn't mention the reason for being late.
She didn't run fast enough to catch the bus.
She didn't say a word to me all night.
She didn't show up at the party, but nobody knows why.
She didn't think her dream would ever come true.
She didn't want him to go out with other women.
She didn't want him to leave the room.
She didn't want him to pamper the children.
She didn't want him to stay any longer.
She died on a cold night in December.
She divorced him after many years of unhappiness.
She does not speak English as fluently as you.
She doesn't admit that she is in the wrong.
She doesn't hate him. In fact, she loves him.
She doesn't have a babysitter, so she can't go to the party.
She doesn't have any friends or relatives to take care of her.
She doesn't have as much patience as you do.
She doesn't have many friends in this town.
She doesn't know how to drive a car.
She doesn't know how to ride a bike.
She doesn't talk much, but once she does speak she is eloquent.
She doesn't want him to buy an expensive engagement ring.
She doesn't want him to pick the flowers.
She doesn't want to play with her toys.
She doesn't want to talk to me now, and I don't know why.
She dog-eared the page and set the book aside.
She drank two glasses of wine at the party.
She dreaded having to tell him what had happened.
She dreamed that a prince would come on a white horse to take her away.
She drew back when she saw a snake.
She dried her face and brushed her hair.
She dumped him because she thought he was a jerk.
She earns half as much money as her husband.
She eats lunch here from time to time.
She employed a private detective to keep a watch on her husband.
She entered her terrier in a dog show.
She expected him to buy her an expensive gift.
She explained the reason why she was late.
She explained to him how to solve the puzzle.
She explained to him why she couldn't visit him.
She explained to him why she didn't like his parents.
She explained to him why she was late for his party.
She explained to him why she was late.
She explained to me how to make a cake.
She exuded nothing but confidence going into the final round.
She failed in her attempt to swim the Channel.
She fainted, but came to after a few minutes.
She feeds her dog the same thing that she eats.
She fell down and broke her left leg.
She fell in love with him at first sight.
She fell in love with him the first time she met him.
She felt as if she had seen a ghost.
She felt faint at the sight of blood.
She felt like crying when she heard the news.
She finally decided to separate from her husband.
She finally managed to get a hold of her old friend.
She finally mustered up the courage to ask him for more money.
She finished her work an hour in advance.
She first came into contact with Japanese culture last year.
She first met him when they were students.
She flatters herself by thinking that she is beautiful.
She folded up the towels and put them away in the cupboard.
She followed him home to find out where he lived.
She follows all the latest trends in fashion.
She forgave him for losing all her money.
She forgot that she bought him a present.
She forgot that she had promised to call him last night.
She found a need and she filled it.
She found it dull living in the country.
She found the ring that she had lost during the journey.
She froze at the sight of the bear.
She froze at the sight of the big spider.
She gathered the pieces of the broken dish.
She gave a poor explanation for being late.
She gave an oral report to her boss.
She gave birth to a pretty baby girl last week.
She gave birth to her first child at twenty years old.
She gave birth to twins a week ago.
She gave considerable thought to what to do with the money.
She gave her entire life to the study of physics.
She gave her seat to a senior citizen.
She gave him a few pointers on pronunciation.
She gave him a slap in the face.
She gave him a sweater on his birthday.
She gave him all the money that she had.
She gave him money as well as food.
She gave me a bag made of leather.
She gave me a haughty look and walked away.
She gave me a large room while I stayed at her house.
She gave me a lovely watch, but I lost it.
She gave me a nice pair of shoes.
She gave me a peck on the cheek.
She gave me a piece of good advice.
She gave me a watch for a birthday present.
She gave me advice as well as information.
She gave me an album as a birthday present.
She gazed at me for a long time.
She gets about with the help of a walker.
She gets herself worked up over every little thing.
She gets up the earliest in my family.
She goes to a school for the deaf.
She goes to market every day to buy things.
She goes to the beauty salon at least once a week.
She goes to the bookstore once a week.
She goes to the movies once a week.
She goes to the supermarket every three days.
She goes to the supermarket once a week.
She got a master's degree three years ago.
She got a slight burn on her hand while cooking.
She got all dolled up for her big date.
She got all the more angry because I kept silent.
She got her master's degree three years ago.
She got him to do anything she wanted him to do.
She got him to do everything she wanted him to do.
She got into hot water when her boyfriend called her at work.
She got into the car and drove off.
She got married at the age of 17.
She got married at the age of 25.
She got married at the age of seventeen.
She got married without her parents knowing it.
She got off the bus and ran towards him.
She got over the shock of her father's death.
She got so carried away listening to the Beatles that she missed the date with him.
She got tired of his waffling and dumped him.
She got to the hotel late at night.
She got up at seven in the morning.
She grabbed him by the hand and pulled him onto the boat.
She greeted him cheerfully as she always did.
She greets him every morning as he enters the school building.
She grew up near the sea, yet she hates swimming.
She grew up to be a famous doctor.
She grew up to be a lovely woman like her mother.
She grounded her students thoroughly in English grammar.
She had a blue dress on at the party yesterday.
She had a choice of going or remaining.
She had a daughter by her first husband.
She had a good time talking with him about his trip.
She had a good time talking with him.
She had a great attachment to that old house.
She had a headache from lack of sleep.
She had a real talent for smoothing over troubled situations.
She had a sullen look on her face.
She had a white book under her arm.
She had already gone to bed when I called her at 11 p.m.
She had already gone to bed when I phoned her at 11:00 p.m.
She had an air conditioner installed in her house.
She had an unassuming air that put everyone at ease.
She had been sick for a week when I visited her.
She had changed so much that I couldn't recognize her.
She had good reason to file for a divorce.
She had hardly begun to read the book before someone knocked at the door.
She had her hat blown off by the wind.
She had her heavy suitcase carried by the porter.
She had lived in Hiroshima until she was ten.
She had my mother take care of the baby.
She had never been so proud of herself.
She had no choice but to accept her fate.
She had no sooner seen me than she ran away.
She had only a small sum of money.
She had something to talk over with him.
She had the box carried to the first floor.
She had the whole summer off that year.
She had to rely upon her inner strength.
She had to share a bedroom with her sister.
She had to speak before a large audience.
She had to take care of her sister.
She had to use her dictionary many times.
She handed him his jacket then opened the door and asked him to leave.
She handed him the money that she owed him.
She handed me the letter without saying anything.
She has a 10 percent interest in the company.
She has a bad habit of chewing on her pencil.
She has a bad habit of talking a long time on the phone.
She has a cat. The cat is white.
She has a claim on her deceased husband's estate.
She has a cold and is absent from school.
She has a comfortable income to live on.
She has a good command of English though she was brought up in Japan.
She has a great affection for her little brothers.
She has a habit of biting her nails.
She has a large room all to herself.
She has a lot of work to do.
She has a new man in her life.
She has a piano lesson once a week.
She has a real knack for getting people to do what she wants.
She has a rich vocabulary of English words.
She has a ring worth more than she can imagine.
She has a special way of making bread.
She has a tattoo of a lizard on her thigh.
She has a very good relationship with her students.
She has about as many stamps as I do.
She has always done her best to make their life easier.
She has an important role in our organization.
She has an uncle who works in a bank.
She has asked the person at the front desk to connect her to that number.
She has been asked to sit on the committee.
She has been dating him for about two years.
She has been looking after her sick sister for ten years.
She has been unhappy since her cat died.
She has been waiting for him thirty minutes.
She has consented to take the leadership of the party.
She has gone, but I still love her.
She has had quite a lot to drink.
She has had the same boyfriend since she was eighteen.
She has her faults, but I like her.
She has improved her skill in cooking recently.
She has known him for a long time.
She has known him since they were very young.
She has lived alone ever since her husband died.
She has never been asked out on a date.
She has never gone on a date with him.
She has never sung a song with him.
She has no chances of coming in contact with foreigners.
She has not seen him for a long time.
She has nothing to do with that affair.
She has put her house up for sale.
She has recently made remarkable progress in English.
She has red spots all over her body.
She has spent hours at the gym trying to lose weight.
She has the air of being a lady.
She has the bad habit of always being late.
She has the big room entirely to herself.
She has the habit of clearing her throat whenever she's nervous.
She has the same bag as you have.
She has this big room all to herself.
She has three times as many dictionaries as you do.
She has to change clothes before tonight's party.
She has to take in the waist of her pants a bit.
She has tried various methods of slimming down.
She has twice as many books as he has.
She has two brothers, who work in the computer industry.
She has two cats. One is black, and the other is white.
She has two cats. One is white and the other one is black.
She hated him so much that our family could never go and visit him.
She heard him cry in the middle of the night.
She heard him scream, so she ran into his bedroom.
She heaved a sigh of relief when she heard the good news.
She held him like mother gorillas hold their babies.
She held him tightly and never wanted to let go.
She helped her father with the work in the garden.
She helped him tie his tie because he didn't know how to.
She helped the old man across the street.
She helped the old man cross the road.
She herself helped him because no one else would.
She hid the letter carefully so no one would see it.
She hid the secret from her husband all her life.
She hired him as an interpreter because she had heard that he was the best.
She hit me on the head with a hammer.
She hurt her elbow when she fell down.
She hurt her foot when she fell off her bicycle.
She inferred from his silence that he was angry.
She insisted that he should stay where he was.
She insisted that I should see the doctor.
She intended to go shopping with her mother, but her mother was busy.
She intends to participate in a beauty contest.
She interrupted him while he was speaking to my father.
She introduced her sister to him more than two years ago.
She introduced herself to the people who were there.
She introduced me to him at the party.
She invited him in for a cup of coffee.
She is a better singer than any other student in her class.
She is a difficult person to deal with.
She is a student who studies very hard.
She is accustomed to doing her homework before dinner.
She is almost as tall as you are.
She is always at the bottom of the class.
She is always complaining about my small salary.
She is always complaining about something or other.
She is always complaining of her small salary.
She is always finding fault with her husband.
She is always finding fault with other people.
She is as thin as a broom stick.
She is beautiful, no matter what she wears.
She is better at speaking English than any of her classmates.
She is busy at present and can't speak to you.
She is buying a cake in the bakery.
She is capable of teaching both English and French.
She is careless about the way she dresses.
She is coming home at the end of this month.
She is completely deaf in her left ear.
She is curious to find who sent the flowers.
She is different from her sister in every way.
She is firmly determined to own a store of her own.
She is fresh from college, so she has no experience.
She is going to have a baby this month.
She is going to learn how to drive.
She is going to visit her grandmother on Saturday.
She is going to wash the bike this afternoon.
She is good at making up interesting stories.
She is happiest when she is at home.
She is holding a ladle with her left hand.
She is holding her baby in her arms.
She is in a hurry because she is late.
She is learning how to drive a car.
She is likely to live to be one hundred.
She is likely to refuse to follow his advice, because she does not like him.
She is living in the middle of nowhere.
She is looking for a job where she can make use of her foreign language ability.
She is looking forward to seeing him again.
She is more an acquaintance than a friend.
She is more of an acquaintance than a friend.
She is no less beautiful than her mother.
She is no less beautiful than her sister is.
She is no less charming than her older sister.
She is no less charming than her sister.
She is no longer the cheerful woman she once was.
She is no longer what she used to be.
She is not a fan of winter sports.
She is not a nurse, but a doctor.
She is not a poet but a novelist.
She is not accustomed to driving for a long time.
She is not as beautiful as her older sister.
She is not going to explain it to them.
She is not only beautiful but also intelligent.
She is not only pretty, but also kind.
She is not rich enough to waste money.
She is not so much a singer as a comedian.
She is not what she used to be.
She is now better off than when she was young.
She is now staying at her uncle's house.
She is often late for school on Mondays.
She is old enough to travel by herself.
She is on a diet to lose weight.
She is on the verge of a nervous breakdown.
She is rich, certainly, but I don't think she's very smart.
She is saving her money with a view to taking a trip around the world.
She is shy and always remains in the background.
She is the one who feeds our dog.
She is the one who took care of his wound.
She is the one you should model yourself after.
She is too young to know the truth.
She is too young to understand that her father died.
She is trying to prove the existence of ghosts.
She is trying to save as much money as she can.
She is two years old, but she can already count to 100.
She is used to staying up all night.
She is very becoming in a black party dress.
She is very careful, so she seldom makes mistakes.
She is very nervous and is always ill at ease.
She is very shy and feels ill at ease at parties.
She is wearing a leather belt around her waist.
She is well known both in Japan and in America.
She is well known in both India and China.
She is what one would call a cultured woman.
She isn't old enough to get a driver's license.
She isn't old enough to get a driving license.
She keeps a record of everything she buys.
She kept me waiting for a long time.
She kept me waiting for over an hour.
She kept on dancing all through the party.
She kept working even though she was tired.
She kissed me on the cheek and said goodnight.
She knelt beside him and asked him what his name was.
She knew better than to argue with him.
She knew better than to tell him such a story.
She knew what it was like for married women to look after houses, husbands and children.
She knit him a sweater for his birthday.
She knows a lot about the latest fashions.
She knows better than to argue with him.
She knows ten times as many English words as I do.
She laid her head down on the pillow.
She laughed at the sight of his hat.
She lay awake for hours thinking about him.
She lay on a sofa with her eyes closed.
She learned to ride a bicycle last year.
She left for America the day before yesterday.
She left her children in her aunt's care.
She left her son alone in the car.
She left me simply because I had a small income.
She left the old newspapers lying in a heap.
She left the room without saying a word.
She lent them a hand with their luggage.
She liked tennis and became a tennis coach.
She likes no one and no one likes her.
She likes to dress up as a nurse.
She listens to him even though no one else does.
She lived a quiet life in the country.
She lived all her life in that town.
She lived in the suburbs of Tokyo when she was young.
She lives a few blocks away from here.
She lives in the same house her grandparents lived in.
She lives with him in a small apartment.
She looked after her sister, who was in bed with a bad cold.
She looked as if she had seen a ghost.
She looked as though she had seen a ghost.
She looked at a few dresses and picked the most expensive one.
She looked at him and knew that he was angry.
She looked at him with a smile on her face.
She looked at me with tears running down her cheeks.
She looked at the picture to refresh her memory.
She looked for her children, but couldn't find them anywhere.
She looked puzzled at the abrupt question posed by a reporter.
She looked very beautiful in her new dress.
She looked well when I last saw her.
She looks down on people who are idle.
She looks happiest when she is with him.
She looks pretty no matter what she wears.
She looks young, but actually she's older than you are.
She looks young, but as a matter of fact she is older than you are.
She lost her father when she was three years old.
She lost her locker key while she was swimming in the pool.
She lost her memory in a traffic accident.
She lost her money, her family and her friends.
She lost her only son in the traffic accident.
She lost her son in a car accident.
She lost her temper and shouted at me.
She lost her way and on top of that it began to rain.
She lost sight of her friend in the huge crowd.
She loved both of them and they both loved her.
She loved me in the same way that I loved her.
She loves him now more than she did before.
She loves the child as if it were her own.
She loves Tom more than she loves me.
She made him a cake for his party.
She made it clear that she couldn't make it in time for the meeting.
She made it plain that she wanted to go to college.
She made it plain that she wanted to marry him.
She made many mistakes in typing the report.
She made me so angry on the telephone that I hung up on her.
She made some derogatory remarks about her colleagues.
She made up for lost time by working hard.
She made up her mind to go abroad.
She made up her mind to go to college.
She made up her mind to graduate from high school.
She makes a point of going to church on Sundays.
She makes excellent meals in the blink of an eye.
She makes him do his homework before dinner.
She makes it a point to always arrive fashionably late.
She makes it a rule to get up at six every morning.
She makes sure that her family eats a balanced diet.
She managed to learn how to drive a car.
She managed to learn to drive a car.
She managed to scare off her attacker by screaming loudly.
She married a hotshot lawyer from New York.
She married an American GI after the war.
She married him at the age of 20.
She married him even though she didn't like him.
She married him only because her parents made her.
She may be a nurse. I am not sure.
She may be cute, but I don't like her.
She may be late, in which case we will wait.
She may have argued with him, but I don't think she could have hit him.
She may have been beautiful when she was young.
She may have left her car key in her room.
She may not be aware of the danger.
She may realize later on what I meant.
She might have been beautiful when she was young.
She must have been very young when she wrote this poem.
She must have forgotten all about the promise.
She must have known that she had a cancer.
She must've been beautiful when she was young.
She needed some money to buy something to feed her dog.
She needed the entire afternoon to complete the work.
She needs him more than he needs her.
She never managed to pay the bill on time.
She never thought her dreams would come true.
She obeys him no matter what he tells her to do.
She offered her seat to an old woman.
She often goes to the movies with him.
She ordered him to clean up his room.
She parked her car in a vacant lot.
She persuaded him to do it even though she knew it wasn't a good idea.
She perused a magazine while waiting for her date to show up.
She picked out a pink shirt for me to try on.
She picked up one of the glass vases.
She played that tune on her grand piano.
She pleaded with him to stay a little bit longer.
She pooh-poohed the idea with a disdainful wave of her hand.
She practices the piano in the afternoon or in the evening.
She prides herself on her skill in cooking.
She promised that she would meet him after school.
She promised to marry him, but she didn't.
She promised to meet him at the coffee shop.
She promised to meet him last night, but she never showed up.
She protested weakly, but ended up joining in with everyone else.
She put her CDs in a row on the shelf.
She put her hands over her ears to shut out the noise.
She put her head out of the window.
She put lots of sugar in the coffee.
She put on dark glasses to protect her eyes from the sun.
She put on her hat to go out.
She put on her new dress for the party.
She put on her overcoat before going out.
She put on her sister's jeans and looked in the mirror.
She put some of the ointment on her hands.
She put up her hand to ask a question.
She put up with the pain quite well.
She raised an important objection to his argument.
She raised her hand for the bus to stop.
She raised her hand to ask a question.
She ran across her old friend while walking in the park.
She ran as fast as she was able to.
She ran over her lines once before she went on stage.
She ran very fast to catch up with the other members.
She read an amusing story to the children.
She read the article over and over again.
She realized that she had better tell the truth.
She refuses to abandon her career for marriage.
She regretted that she had not followed his advice.
She relied on the medicine as a last resort.
She reminded him to go to the bank.
She reminds me very much of her mother.
She repeated over and over that she was innocent of the crime.
She replied that she had never seen the man before.
She risked her life to protect her child.
She said he would be sixteen next month.
She said nothing that would make him angry.
She said she was nurse, which was a lie.
She said that she had to be back before dawn.
She said that she saw a suspicious man.
She said that she was eager to go there.
She said that she would follow him no matter where he went.
She sang the song with tears running down her cheeks.
She sank under the surface of the water.
She sat at the bar downing shot after shot of whisky.
She sat down next to him and listened quietly.
She sat next to him and listened quietly.
She sat next to him on the bus.
She sat next to him wishing she were somewhere else.
She sat next to him with her eyes closed.
She sat on the bed as her mother braided her hair.
She sat still for fear of waking the baby.
She sat there silently with tears in her eyes.
She saved her baby's life at the risk of losing her own.
She saw a young man at the entrance.
She says she has no intention of having a baby until she's in her thirties.
She says she's not dating anyone now, but I don't believe her.
She scrubbed the floor of the kitchen with a brush.
She scrubbed the kitchen floor with a brush.
She seems reserved, but she's actually a strong-willed person.
She seems timid, but she's actually a strong-willed person.
She seems to be in love with my brother.
She seems to be in trouble. Tell her what to do.
She seems to be involved in that murder case.
She seems to be living by the lake.
She seems to be nervous about her first class.
She seems to be possessed by an evil spirit.
She seems to have a tendency to exaggerate things.
She seems to have left for Tokyo yesterday.
She seems to have something to do with the affair.
She selected a blue dress from the wardrobe.
She sent me a postcard that said she hates the smell of animals.
She sent me a present in return for my advice.
She set the bird free from the cage.
She set up an association to help blind people.
She shook the rug to get dust out of it.
She should be there now because she left an hour ago.
She showed her courage in the face of danger.
She showed her guests how to eat what she had prepared.
She showed him several books that were on the shelf.
She showed me a letter written in English.
She showed them how to fasten their seat belts.
She showed up at the party looking like a million dollars.
She skimmed through the register to see if her name was in it.
She slipped some money into her son's hand.
She smiled at the sight of her mother.
She snuck out the house without him knowing.
She sold all of her furniture, so she could afford to feed herself and her dog.
She sometimes has her mother cut her hair.
She sometimes takes a walk in the park.
She sorted the washing before putting it in the washing machine.
She speaks as if she were a teacher.
She speaks English as if she were a native speaker.
She speaks English better than any of her classmates.
She speaks Hebrew with her mother and Polish with her father.
She spends a little time each day reading the Bible.
She spends a lot of money on books.
She spends a lot of money on shoes.
She spends a lot of money when she goes abroad.
She spends a lot of time helping her children learn to deal with money.
She spends a lot of time practicing the piano.
She spends a major part of her income on food.
She spends a majority of her time taking care of her children.
She spends a pretty good chunk of time just sitting there and looking out the window.
She spends all her time thinking about boys.
She spends as much money as she earns.
She spends more time thinking about work than doing it.
She spends most of her money on clothes.
She spends over a third of her time doing paperwork.
She spends three dollars a day for lunch and dinner.
She spends time with her grandmother every Sunday.
She spends way too much time surfing the web.
She spent a good deal of money on her vacation.
She spent a lot of time writing her essay.
She spent all of her Christmases at home with her family.
She spent her life in pursuit of the truth.
She spent most of her life taking care of poor people.
She spent most of her senior year in high school strung out on drugs.
She spoke English to me just to show off.
She spoke out strongly against cruelty to animals.
She spread a beautiful cloth on a table.
She stared at him and that made him very nervous.
She started kissing him as soon as he got home.
She started pursuing him before he became famous.
She stayed at the hotel for several days.
She stayed in that area for a short while.
She stayed up late to finish sewing your dress.
She steered our efforts in the right direction.
She still has a little money, but not much.
She still hated him, even after he died.
She still loves him even though he doesn't love her anymore.
She stole a lot of money from him, so now she is in prison.
She stole a lot of money from him.
She stood as close to him as she could.
She stood there even after the train was out of sight.
She stood transfixed as if she had seen a ghost.
She stood up and walked to the window.
She stressed that she did it by herself.
She stretched to relieve the stiffness in her back.
She studied hard in order not to fail the entrance exam.
She studies as hard as any student in her class.
She successfully got him to tell the truth.
She suggested that I give it to him right away.
She suggested that I go to the store with him.
She suggested that I should clean the bathroom.
She suggested that I take him to the zoo.
She suggested that I write to him at once.
She suggested that the customer buy a blue tie.
She suggested to me that I call off the meeting.
She switched on the lamp because it was dark.
She takes after her mother in every respect.
She talked him into buying a new house.
She talked him into buying her a diamond ring.
She talked him into going to the concert.
She talked on and on about her family problems.
She talks as if she knew everything about it.
She talks to her sister on the phone for hours at a time.
She tasted the cake to see if it was sweet enough.
She taught him how to play the piano.
She taught him the tricks of the trade.
She taught the child never to play with matches.
She tells him to give her all of his salary and he does.
She thinks about him when she's feeling lonely.
She thinks money and happiness are the same.
She thinks of herself as an intelligent person.
She thought of a good way to make money on the Internet.
She thought she could get him to like her.
She threatened to set our house on fire.
She threw her hands up in horror when she saw what he had done.
She told her children to put away their toys.
She told him a joke, but he didn't laugh.
She told him a joke, but he didn't think it was funny.
She told him that her father had died.
She told him that it would rain all day.
She told him that she believed in astrology.
She told him that she didn't love him.
She told him that she had seen me there last week.
She told him where to put the suitcase.
She told me his name after he had left.
She told me not to go there alone.
She told me once and for all that she did not want to see me again.
She told me that her mother had bought it for her.
She told me that I could sleep on the sofa.
She told me that she had bigger fish to fry.
She told me that she wanted a pet dog.
She told me that she'd bought a car.
She told me today that she loved me.
She told me which clothes would be good to wear.
She told the child to eat up the food.
She told the story with tears in her eyes.
She told us not to make a noise.
She told us that we must call a doctor immediately.
She took a flower from the vase and held it out to me.
She took a job in a store for the summer.
She took a pen out of her pocket.
She took a ten-day trip to Europe with her friends.
She took advantage of her paid vacation and went skiing.
She took advantage of our hospitality and stayed a whole month without paying us anything.
She took advantage of the fine weather to paint the wall.
She took care of the poor little bird.
She took down a book from the shelf.
She took her dog to the park before breakfast.
She took her ring off and threw it at him.
She took in the situation at a glance.
She took me under her wing and taught me everything she knows.
She took off her glasses and put her contacts in.
She took off her old shoes and put on the new ones.
She took off the lid of the box.
She took over the business after the death of her husband.
She took the book back to the library.
She tore the letter up after reading it.
She tossed me grapes and I tried to catch them with my mouth.
She tried in vain to conceal her fear.
She tried to comfort him, but he kept crying.
She tried to conceal her grief at the party.
She tried to lift the box, but found it impossible to do.
She tried to persuade him not to decline the offer.
She tried to persuade him to attend the meeting.
She tried to persuade him to buy her a pearl necklace.
She tried to persuade him to go with her.
She tried to persuade him to organize a boycott.
She turned her face away so he wouldn't see her tears.
She turned her old dress into a skirt.
She turned off the lights so she could enjoy the moonlight.
She turned pale when she heard that news.
She turned to the left at the corner.
She used a damp rag to wipe off the dust.
She used Skype frequently because she was overseas.
She used the car to go to the office.
She used to be a very shy girl.
She used to go mountain climbing with him.
She used to go to the museum on Sundays.
She used to help him with his homework.
She used to pray before going to bed.
She used to wash her hair before going to school.
She visited the old man in the hospital every day but Sunday.
She visits him quite often, but never stays very long.
She visits the dentist on a regular basis, so she seldom gets toothaches.
She volunteered to go to the meeting with him.
She waited and waited, but he never came back.
She walked arm in arm with her father.
She walked as fast as she could to catch up with him.
She walked past him without even noticing him.
She walked up to him and asked him what his name was.
She wanted a piece of cake, but there was none left.
She wanted him to say that he loved her.
She wanted him to say that he would pay the bill.
She wanted him to sing her a song.
She wanted to get away from everyday life.
She wanted to have her father's love to herself.
She wanted to have her hair cut, but her mother wouldn't let her.
She wanted to live a more relaxing life.
She wanted to return home, but she got lost.
She wants him to be just a friend.
She wants to keep him at a distance.
She wants to know who sent the flowers.
She wants to marry her daughter to a doctor.
She warned him not to go out at night alone.
She warned the children not to play on the street.
She was a bundle of nerves last night.
She was a child, but she was brave.
She was able to answer whatever was asked.
She was able to be ready early this morning, because she finished packing last night.
She was able to cook herself dinner, after a fashion.
She was able to cross the Pacific Ocean by boat.
She was able to kill two birds with one stone.
She was able to solve the problem in ten minutes.
She was about to call him up when he walked in the door.
She was absent because she caught a cold.
She was absent from school because of sickness.
She was absent from school because she was sick.
She was accused of having lied about the affair.
She was advised by him not to borrow money from his friends.
She was advised by him not to go.
She was advised by him on how to stay healthy.
She was advised by him on that matter.
She was advised by him to be punctual.
She was advised by him to come back at once.
She was advised by him to get more exercise.
She was advised by him to give up drinking.
She was advised by him to give up smoking.
She was advised by him to go abroad while she was still young.
She was advised by him to go to the police.
She was advised by him to listen to her doctor.
She was advised by him to lose weight.
She was advised by him to stop smoking.
She was advised by him to work harder.
She was afraid to pass through the woods.
She was allowed to go to the disco on condition that she was back by ten.
She was almost knocked down by a car.
She was always ready to help people in trouble.
She was always trying to provoke me into saying something I would regret later.
She was approaching thirty when I first met her.
She was ashamed of herself for her carelessness.
She was asked not to speak at the meeting.
She was asked to convince him to get his son to paint the house.
She was asked to convince him to paint the house.
She was at a loss as to what to do.
She was at a loss for words to express her feeling.
She was blinded by the glare of headlights and could not avoid the accident.
She was born and brought up in Osaka.
She was born at six a.m. on July 17.
She was born with a silver spoon in her mouth.
She was brought up in a rich family.
She was brushing her hair in front of a mirror.
She was busy knitting. In the meantime, he was taking a nap by the fire.
She was cleaning the house in preparation for a party.
She was clever enough not to be deceived by him.
She was completely nonplussed by his unexpected behavior.
She was determined never to talk to him again.
She was further in debt than she was willing to admit.
She was happy to be introduced to him at the party.
She was in a hurry to go home.
She was in the mood for a walk.
She was indignant at the way she had been treated.
She was indignant when I said she was lying.
She was kind enough to accompany me to the station.
She was kind enough to carry my baggage for me.
She was kind enough to lend me a large sum of money.
She was kind enough to show me the way.
She was kind enough to take me to the hospital.
She was late because of the heavy traffic.
She was leading her grandmother by the hand.
She was livid when she found out all the lies he'd told her.
She was looking forward to going sailing with him.
She was looking forward to going to a movie with him.
She was looking forward to playing table tennis with him.
She was looking forward to seeing him again.
She was looking forward to spending time with him.
She was loved by everybody in the village.
She was lying face down on the bed.
She was more beautiful than all of the others.
She was more beautiful than all the others.
She was moved to tears by the story.
She was nearly frozen to death in the snow.
She was not in the mood for lunch.
She was not interested in boys at all.
She was obliged to marry the old man.
She was on the point of going out.
She was on the verge of killing herself.
She was only 18 when she graduated from university.
She was playing the piano at that time.
She was playing the piano when the guests arrived.
She was playing with her sister at that time.
She was quite nervous about her first flight.
She was ready to give him back all his money.
She was ready to help him with cleaning the house.
She was ready to help him with washing the car.
She was scared at the sight of the dead body.
She was scared to death of her husband.
She was seen at a restaurant with her lover.
She was shocked when she heard his story.
She was similar to me in many ways.
She was so angry that she could not speak.
She was so preoccupied that she was oblivious of her surroundings.
She was so tired that she couldn't walk.
She was sore at me for being late.
She was standing on a ladder painting the ceiling.
She was stupid enough to go out with him.
She was superstitious, as the people of that period usually were.
She was supposed to attend the party with him.
She was supposed to call him at 2:30.
She was surprised that it was that late.
She was the first one to help him.
She was the first one to notice him.
She was the first one to pay attention to him.
She was the last person I expected to see in such a place.
She was the last woman I expected to see.
She was the last woman that I expected to see at the party.
She was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen.
She was tired. However, she tried to finish the work.
She was too proud to ask him for help.
She was too short to see over the fence.
She was too tired to go on working.
She was too tired to keep on working.
She was unable to completely give up her dream of traveling abroad.
She was used to living on a small income.
She was very beautiful when she was young.
She was very worried about her husband's health.
She was watching TV when I came home.
She wasn't able to contact him by phone.
She watched him continue to fight as hard as he could.
She waved at me before she got on board the plane.
She waved both her hands so that he could find her.
She waved her hand until the train was out of sight.
She wears high heels to make herself look taller.
She went for a walk with him this morning.
She went from place to place in search of him.
She went into her room to change her dress.
She went into the kitchen to see who was there, but there was nobody there.
She went into the room and lay on the bed.
She went mad after the death of her son.
She went out of the room with downcast eyes.
She went out to look for a taxi.
She went outside to get a breath of fresh air.
She went over the list to see if her name was there.
She went to a movie the other day.
She went to Italy for the purpose of studying music.
She went to rehab and straightened herself out.
She went to see him in the hospital every day.
She went to see him the other day.
She went to the airport to see him off.
She went to the art museum by taxi.
She went to the back of the line.
She went to the hairdresser's to have her hair done.
She went to the mall with her friends.
She went to the market to buy fresh vegetables.
She went to the station to see him off.
She went to the train station to see him off.
She whispered to me that she was hungry.
She will be a beauty when she grows up.
She will be a college student next spring.
She will be a famous artist in the future.
She will be back in less than ten minutes.
She will be coming to see me this afternoon.
She will be coming to see us again soon.
She will be glad if you go to see her in person.
She will be happy when she gets married.
She will be in New York for two weeks.
She will be seventeen years old next February.
She will come even if she is tired.
She will do her best to be here on time.
She will get married to a rich man.
She will give her picture to whoever wants it.
She will give you what money she has.
She will grow up to be a very good pianist.
She will make a business trip to London next week.
She will not be able to come here tomorrow.
She will not budge an inch no matter what anyone says.
She will surely be enjoying a hot bath at this hour.
She will write another book one of these days.
She wished she had been born twenty years earlier.
She won first prize in the speech contest.
She won ten million yen in the lottery.
She wondered where she had lost her purse.
She wore a red scarf around her neck.
She wore a ribbon tied around her hair.
She worked hard in order to save money.
She worked hard to get the work done.
She works as a nurse in the local hospital.
She worships him and the ground he walks on.
She would often practice the violin on the roof.
She would rather listen to others than talk herself.
She wouldn't allow me to read the letter.
She wouldn't give him the time of day.
She wouldn't go for a walk with him.
She wouldn't let him in the room no matter what.
She wouldn't let up until I agreed to go to the movies with her.
She writes to her son every now and then.
She writes to her son every so often.
She writes to her son from time to time.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
She wrote him a long letter, but she didn't mail it.
She wrote to her parents at least once a week.
She wrote to him to tell him how wonderful he was.
She wrote to him to tell him that she couldn't come to visit next summer.
She wrote to him to tell him that she loved him.
She wrote to me to come at once.
She, of all people, wouldn't do such a thing.
She'd just begun to read the book when someone knocked on the door.
She'd rather be spending time with someone else.
Sheep are bred for their fleece and their meat.
She'll be having dinner with him at this time tomorrow.
She'll get the better of you if you aren't careful.
She'll give her photo to whoever wants it.
She'll spend the next four years in prison.
She'll tell him about it when she comes back.
She's a fixture at all the high-society parties.
She's about the same age as I am.
She's about the same age as my older sister.
She's about the same age as my sister.
She's as good a cook as her mother.
She's at a loss how to make ends meet.
She's at home taking care of the kids.
She's been absent from school for five days.
She's been feeling a little on edge recently.
She's been having trouble with back pain for years.
She's been in the hospital for a month.
She's been living for the last five years under an assumed name.
She's been practicing piano for a year and can play the piano somewhat.
She's been severely traumatized by bullying at school.
She's busy now and can't speak to you.
She's busy now and can't talk with you.
She's busy now, so she can't talk with you.
She's curious to find out who sent the flowers.
She's feeling much better thanks to that medical treatment.
She's in total denial about her husband's philandering.
She's made up her mind and refuses to be talked out of it.
She's making money hand over fist with the business she started.
She's not from here. She was born in another country.
She's not here to defend herself against these accusations.
She's not old enough to get a driver's license.
She's not the kind of girl you think she is.
She's only going to tell you what she thinks you want to hear.
She's only two years old, but she can already count to 100.
She's practicing English so she can get a better job.
She's sitting in the kitchen and drinking tea.
She's so gullible she'll believe anything you tell her.
She's supposed to be back by lunch time.
She's the closest thing to family he has.
She's the most popular girl in the class.
Short skirts have already gone out of fashion.
Should I call you or will you call me?
Should I cut the red wire or the green one?
Should I go or would you like me to stay?
Should I make a cream pie or a pound cake?
Should I tell Tom to ask Mary to sing?
Should I wait for her to come back?
Should I wait for you tomorrow in front of the opera house?
Should we go by car or by taxi?
Should you require further information, please do not hesitate to contact me.
Shouldn't you overlook his indiscretions and forgive him?
Show me a list of your rates, please.
Show me the stone that broke the window.
Show me the way to the bus stop.
Show me what you have hidden behind your back.
Show me what you have in your left hand.
Show me what you have in your pocket.
Shucks! It was too good to be true.
Shut up or I'll give you a fat lip!
Shut up. If you don't, you'll be thrown out.
Silence is golden, but not when trying to learn a foreign language.
Simmer the butter and garlic in a small saucepan.
Since he could not work out the problem that way, he tried another way.
Since he didn't know what to say, he remained silent.
Since he doesn't feel well today, he can't come to the office.
Since he says so, it must be true.
Since he was able to walk so far, he must have strong legs.
Since he was dressed in black, he looked like a priest.
Since he was feeling sick, he stayed home from school.
Since he was tired, he went to bed early.
Since he was tired, he went to bed.
Since I couldn't pay the rent, I asked him for help.
Since I didn't know what to do, I asked him for advice.
Since I had a cold, I didn't go visit him.
Since I had a cold, I was absent from school.
Since I had a slight fever, I stayed in bed.
Since I had met him once before, I recognized him right away.
Since I stayed up late, I'm very sleepy.
Since I walked very fast, I was in time for the last train.
Since I was all by myself, I felt a bit lonely.
Since I was sick for a week, I'm making every possible effort to catch up.
Since I was sick, I didn't go to school.
Since I was sleepy, I went to sleep.
Since I was tired, I took a nap.
Since I was tired, I went to bed.
Since I wasn't hungry, I only ordered coffee.
Since I will see him tomorrow, I can give him a message if you want.
Since it rained the whole day, I stayed indoors.
Since it stopped raining, he went out for a walk.
Since it was already late, I went to sleep.
Since it was cold, we made a fire.
Since it was late at night and I was very tired, I stayed at an inn.
Since it was raining, I took a taxi.
Since it was raining, we had to eat our picnic lunch indoors.
Since it was raining, we stayed at home.
Since it was so hot, we went swimming.
Since it was Sunday, the store was closed.
Since it's nice out, I'd like to go take a walk.
Since it's so important, I'll take care of it.
Since it's written in easy French, I can understand it.
Since I've never eaten here before, I don't know what to recommend.
Since my mother was sick, I couldn't go there.
Since my mother was sick, I couldn't go to the concert.
Since my mother was sick, I couldn't leave the house last Saturday.
Since my mother was sick, I looked after her.
Since my mother was sick, I stayed home from school.
Since my nephew was still young, he was let off the hook.
Since she got her braces, I've hardly seen her smile.
Since the accident, I don't like looking in the mirror.
Since the accident, Tom has given up hope of becoming a professional dancer.
Since the bus was late, I took a taxi.
Since the Industrial Revolution, the world population has more than tripled.
Since the note was written in French, it was easy for me to read.
Since then, diplomatic relations between Canada and Iran have been suspended.
Since then, his faith has been severely shaken.
Since there is no air on the moon, there is no sound at all.
Since there was no bus, I had to walk.
Since there was no taxi, I had to walk home.
Since there was nothing left to do, we left.
Since there wasn't much time to spare, she took a taxi.
Since there were no customers, we closed the shop early.
Since there were no taxis, I had to walk.
Since this is important, I'd like you to attend to it yourself.
Since Tom has been cycling every day, he's become much thinner.
Since we had no school today, I stayed home and watched TV all day.
Since we insulated the house we've saved a lot on heating oil.
Since when are you two on a first name basis?
Since when do you care about your appearance?
Since when do you have a problem with the death penalty?
Since you did the cooking, I'll do the dishes.
Since you don't have anything to do, why not come fishing with me this weekend?
Since you have a fever, you should stay home.
Since you have nothing to do with this matter, you don't have to worry.
Since you're the oldest, you need to set a good example.
Singers use microphones to make their voices louder.
Sir, that CD is available only by special order.
Sir, we need to stabilize your fracture before transferring you to the stretcher.
Sir, you have left your lighter on the table.
Sister, don't let this patient out of your sight.
Sit down and take it easy for a while.
Sit down here and tell me all about it.
Sit down on that chair and try to calm yourself.
Sit down. I want to talk to you.
Sit down. I'll be with you in a moment.
Sit on the sofa and make yourself comfortable.
Sitting down all day and looking at a computer screen is bad for you.
Sitting down all day is bad for you.
Six months ago I had an operation for the cataract in my right eye.
Six months is a long time to wait.
Six of us are going on an excursion to the beach this weekend.
Six people applied for the job, but none of them were employed.
Six percent home loans represent the industry average now.
Sixteen is one of the multiples of two.
Sixty percent of Japanese adult males drink alcoholic beverages on a regular basis.
Slave labor and child labor are still sad realities.
Slavery has been abolished in most parts of the world.
Slavery in the United States was not abolished until 1865.
Slavery was not abolished in the United States until 1865.
Sleep is important for weight loss and for maintaining a healthy weight.
Sleep is no less necessary to health than food.
Small businesses are often absorbed by a major company.
Small businesses will have to tighten their belts to survive.
Small enterprises are feeling the squeeze of inflation.
Small fish swim just as well as big ones.
Smartphones would have seemed like science fiction ten years ago.
Smell this milk. Do you think it's still OK to drink?
Smoking has a great deal to do with cancer.
Smoking in a car with a child under 16 is against the law.
Smoking is now prohibited on all domestic flights.
Smoking is the major cause of lung cancer.
Smoking will do you a lot of harm.
Snakes don't usually bite if they're not provoked.
Snow has been falling steadily since this morning.
So difficult was the question that no one could answer.
So far, I'm the only one who's done that.
So many people had died that the gravestone supplier was forced to hire a new carver.
So what is it you want me to do?
So you are really offering me a Roflex watch for 5 dollars?
So, are you going to tell me who you are?
So, do you really want to do this?
So, how does it feel to be a father?
So, what do you guys want to do tonight?
So, what is it you want me to say?
Soccer is the most popular of all sports.
Soccer is the most popular sport in Brazil.
Social networking sites are all the rage now.
Social unrest may come about as a result of this long recession.
Socially awkward children are more susceptible to bullying.
Solar energy is a new source of energy.
Solar power is becoming more viable every year.
Some animals can sense the coming of a storm.
Some babies learn to swim even before they are one year old.
Some believe in UFOs and others do not.
Some believed his story, and others did not.
Some birds are sitting on the branch of that tree.
Some books are worth reading over and over again.
Some boys play tennis and others play soccer.
Some children play video games all the time.
Some children resort to suicide in order to escape from unbearable pressure.
Some companies guarantee their workers a job for life.
Some continue to work part time, while others do volunteer work.
Some countries in Europe are not part of the European Union.
Some days seem to just drag on and last forever.
Some diseases are caused by a defective gene.
Some eggs weren't rotten, but the rest of them were.
Some families spend their vacation near the beach.
Some fish are able to change their gender.
Some flowers bloom in spring and others in autumn.
Some flowers bloom in the spring and other flowers bloom in the fall.
Some go to school by bicycle, others go by bus.
Some guy named Tom said he was looking for you.
Some healthcare workers spend more time doing paperwork than taking care of patients.
Some incidents from my childhood are crystal clear, others are just a dim memory.
Some indigenous tribes in Brazil are threatened by loggers.
Some kids broke into Tom's house and ransacked it.
Some large birds prey upon small birds and animals.
Some non-native speakers think they speak the language better than native speakers.
Some of his students admired him, and others despised him.
Some of my friends can speak English well.
Some of the apples in the box were rotten.
Some of the books that he has are English novels.
Some of the company's executives are out of town for a conference.
Some of the roses in my garden are white, and the others are red.
Some of the students decorated the classroom with Christmas ornaments.
Some of the students like to play the guitar.
Some of the students were from Asia and the others were from Europe.
Some of the students were late for school.
Some of the trees in our neighborhood were knocked down by the storm.
Some of them are healthy, but others are not healthy.
Some of them are healthy, but others are not.
Some of them are teachers, and some are engineers.
Some of these young people have legs twice as long as mine.
Some of Tom's students speak French very well.
Some of us might be willing to go.
Some of you really need to grow up.
Some parents complained about the nude pictures in their children's textbooks.
Some parents don't punish their children when they lie.
Some parents refuse to have their children vaccinated.
Some parts of this city are very ugly.
Some people are fascinated by shiny new things.
Some people are for the plan and others are against it.
Some people are never content with what they have.
Some people are never satisfied with what they have.
Some people argue just for the sake of arguing.
Some people believe in God and other people don't.
Some people believe that black cats bring bad luck.
Some people believe they can become rich without having to work.
Some people came by car. Others came by bus.
Some people do not like to wake up early in the morning.
Some people don't go to a doctor because they can't afford to.
Some people gain weight when they stop smoking.
Some people go to church on Sunday morning.
Some people in the crowd were waving flags.
Some people laugh at his jokes, but others don't.
Some people like coffee and others prefer tea.
Some people like him and other people don't.
Some people like red wine and some people like white wine.
Some people look down on others because they have less money.
Some people only get married to prevent their wives from marrying somebody else.
Some people read the newspaper while watching television.
Some people say Japan is a male-dominated society.
Some people say that it is human nature to root for the underdog.
Some people say that swearing helps relieve stress.
Some people see a conspiracy behind almost everything.
Some people still believe that the world is flat.
Some people still cut grass with a scythe.
Some people take a bath every day and others don't.
Some people talk too much and do too little.
Some people think eating at home is better for you than eating out.
Some people think talking back to an adult is rude.
Some people think that advertising is a form of brainwashing.
Some people think that French is a hard language to learn.
Some people think that there are way too many lawyers in this country.
Some people think the government has way too much power.
Some people think the president spends too much time traveling.
Some people were hanging around at the entrance.
Some people will go to great lengths to avoid conflict.
Some photos were printed in black and white.
Some politicians never make good on campaign promises.
Some prominent tennis players behave like spoiled brats.
Some restaurants and hotels don't accept credit cards.
Some stars began to appear in the night sky.
Some students aren't going to come back next semester.
Some students looked at her with tears in their eyes.
Some students seem to have forgotten to do their homework.
Some students walk to school. Others go by bus.
Some students were sitting on the bench and having lunch.
Some talked of shooting him if he did not leave.
Some teenagers smashed our pumpkins just before Halloween.
Some TV programs are interesting, and others are not.
Some were under the impression that the judges had not chosen wisely.
Some would say that he's playing with fire.
Some young Japanese people prefer being single to being married.
Somebody broke into Tom's house while he was asleep.
Somebody came to see me while I was out.
Somebody has to be held accountable for his death.
Somebody must break the sad news to her mother.
Somebody needs to be here for the children.
Somebody tipped off the gang members to the police surveillance.
Somebody told me that I shouldn't trust you.
Somebody told me that today's test was identical to the one we had last year.
Someday she'll have to pay for what she's done.
Someday, I would like to possess a sailboat.
Somehow, he weaseled himself out of jury duty.
Someone asked me to give this to you.
Someone ate all the cookies from the cookie jar.
Someone broke into my house and ran away with all of my money.
Someone broke into my office and stole some important documents.
Someone broke into our house while we were asleep.
Someone broke into Tom's house while he was asleep.
Someone cleaned my room while I was gone.
Someone famous said that imagination is more important than intelligence.
Someone has left a bag on the bench.
Someone has ripped out the first three pages of this book.
Someone has robbed us of all our money during our absence.
Someone has torn two pages out of this book.
Someone is standing behind the bushes taking pictures of us.
Someone must have taken my umbrella by mistake.
Someone named Tom stopped by this afternoon and gave me this package for you.
Someone on the subway stabbed Tom to death.
Someone should put that dog out of its misery.
Someone should talk to him and tell him what's what.
Someone stepped on my foot on the train.
Someone told me Tom now lives in Australia.
Something bad's going to happen. I can feel it.
Something green and slimy was on the rock.
Something happened here, but I don't know what.
Something in his face really reminded me of an old boyfriend of mine.
Something is always going wrong with the machine.
Something is wrong with the engine of my car.
Something is wrong with the engine of this car.
Something might fall on you, so be careful.
Something must be done immediately to deal with this problem.
Something must have happened to him on the way.
Something seems to be wrong with my clock.
Something very unusual seems to be happening in the park.
Something you should know about me is that I'm very much a country boy at heart.
Sometimes a nod is enough to show someone that you're listening attentively.
Sometimes I can't really grasp the meaning of a word.
Sometimes I enjoy sitting down with a good book.
Sometimes I go by bus and sometimes by car.
Sometimes I have the impression that we'll never come to an agreement.
Sometimes I wish I had a different religion.
Sometimes I wonder whether or not I made the right decision.
Sometimes I wonder whether or not there's a point to all of this.
Sometimes it's better to just not say anything.
Sometimes it's hard to be tactful and honest at the same time.
Sometimes it's hard to resist the impulse to burst out laughing.
Sometimes the first symptom of cardiovascular disease is death.
Sometimes the hardest thing and the right thing are the same thing.
Sometimes things that happen do not make sense.
Sometimes trying your best just isn't good enough.
Sometimes we lie to keep from hurting someone else's feelings.
Sometimes we need to take a step back and think.
Sometimes when it's very cold, I can't get my car to start.
Sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do.
Sometimes you have to do things you don't want to do.
Sometimes, I feel like everyone is ignoring me.
Sometimes, I feel like I can do anything.
Sometimes, I feel like life is passing me by.
Soon after that, I began to fall asleep.
Soon nobody will have anything to do with you.
Soon, it won't be unheard of to live to 150.
Sooner or later his luck will run out.
Sooner or later, he will run out of luck.
Sooner or later, his luck will run out.
Sooner or later, I'll probably get tired of doing this.
Sooner or later, the hostages will be released.
Sooner or later, the hostages will be set free.
Sooner or later, the police are going to catch you.
Sooner or later, Tom will likely agree to help us.
Sooner or later, we all are going to die.
Sooner or later, you will be in trouble.
Sorry for not answering your question. I didn't see it.
Sorry I couldn't come over yesterday. Something came up.
Sorry to bother you, but I'm afraid something urgent has come up.
Sorry to have kept you waiting so long.
Sorry to trouble you, but can you help me?
Sorry, but can you show me the way to the next village?
Sorry, but I am unable to do so.
Sorry, but I can't go along with you.
Sorry, but I have to hurry. I have no time to explain this in detail.
Sorry, but I want to tell her this news face to face.
Sorry, I didn't know that you were still here.
Sorry, I didn't know you were still here.
Sorry, I didn't mean to cut you off.
Sorry, I didn't mean to snap at you.
Sorry, I don't think I can do it.
Sorry, I think I have the wrong number.
Sorry, I've got a lot on my plate right now.
Sorry, the house is kind of a mess.
Space travel will be commonplace some time in the future.
Spacious apartments in Tokyo are hard to come by.
Spain and the UK continue to spar over the territory.
Spain was ruled by a dictator until 1975.
Spanish is spoken in most countries of South America.
Speaking of last night, what time did you get home?
Spend your time wisely and you'll always have enough of it.
Spending time with friends on the beach is fun.
Spending time with your family should be your priority.
Spending time with your significant other should be high on your priority list.
St. Patrick is the patron saint of Ireland.
Stand up straight when I'm talking to you!
Stand where you are or I'll kill you.
Staten Island is one of the five boroughs of New York.
Statistics indicate that our living standards have risen.
Statistics show that the population of the world is increasing.
Statistics suggest that the population of this town will double in five years.
Stay and have a cup of coffee with me.
Stay down or you might get hit by a stray bullet.
Stay here all night if you want to.
Stay home so that you can answer the phone.
Stay out of this! It's none of your business!
Stay where you are. I'm on my way.
Steel production is estimated to reach 100 million tons this year.
Steel production reached an estimated 100 million tons last year.
Steel production will increase 2% this month from last month.
Step away from the car and put your hands on your head.
Step out of the car and place your hands behind your back.
Stick together as a family, because it's easy to get lost.
Stop acting like a petulant child every time you don't get your way.
Stop beating around the bush and get to the point.
Stop beating around the bush and tell me what happened.
Stop beating around the bush and tell us what you really think.
Stop being lazy and find something to do.
Stop by if you're ever in the neighborhood.
Stop getting yourself worked up over little things.
Stop leaving your clothes all over the floor.
Stop making a fool of yourself. Everyone is laughing at you.
Stop me if I go off on a tangent.
Stop messing around and get ready for school.
Stop stalling and do what I told you.
Stop sticking your nose into other people's business.
Stop taking pictures. You look like a tourist.
Stop trying to talk me out of it.
Stop worrying about that and focus on your work.
Stopgap measures won't make a dent in drug addiction.
Stores are closed in the afternoon because of the heat.
Stow your carry-on luggage in the overhead compartments.
Strange as it may seem, Tom was telling the truth.
Strange to say, he didn't know the news.
Strange to say, I didn't feel any pain.
Strange to say, no one voted for the candidate.
Strangely enough, I didn't feel any pain at all.
Strictly speaking, Chinese consists of hundreds of dialects.
Strictly speaking, she didn't like it at all, but she didn't say a thing.
Strong winds stripped the tree of its leaves.
Students are forbidden to smoke on the school grounds.
Students are impatient for the summer holidays to come.
Students from the suburbs come to school by bus.
Students generally like a teacher who understands their problems.
Students should make use of the books in the library.
Studies say that true happiness comes from giving back, not from material things.
Studying how to communicate effectively is time well spent.
Such a man does not go hunting and seldom owns a gun.
Such a person invariably expends his physical energy more slowly.
Such a proposal would only be turned down immediately.
Such a thing has never happened to me.
Such an accident is likely to happen again.
Such was his pride that he could not bring himself to ignore the insult.
Suddenly, a man stepped in front of them.
Suddenly, there was a period of terrible violence and hatred between blacks and whites.
Sugary drinks have no nutritional value and contribute significantly to weight gain.
Sunlight is the main source of vitamin D.
Sunshine is the main source of vitamin D.
Supplies were trucked in from as far away as California.
Suppose you had ten million yen, what would you do?
Suppressing one's romantic feelings is not the same as having no such feelings.
Sure, it might be traumatic, but so what?
Surround yourself only with people who are going to lift you higher.
Surrounded by the sea, Japan has a mild climate.
Swallowing and throat-clearing can be a sign that someone is lying.
Sweating allows the human body to regulate its temperature.
Swimming is good exercise for the whole body.
Swimming is one thing I can do fairly well.
Swing by my place on the way back.
Swing music was a new form of jazz.
Switch on the light. I can't see anything.
Switzerland is a very beautiful country that is worth a visit.
Switzerland is situated between France, Italy, Austria and Germany.
Take a few steps and tell me if it hurts when you walk.
Take a look at the FAQ before you call tech support.
Take a screenshot of just the highlighted text.
Take a sponge, some dish liquid and a towel, then get to work.
Take a step back and look at the big picture.
Take a step back from the situation and try to figure out what's going on.
Take an umbrella with you in case it begins to rain.
Take an umbrella with you in case it rains.
Take care not to fall down and skin your knee.
Take it easy. I can assure you that everything will turn out fine.
Take lots of vitamin C to avoid catching cold.
Take off your hat when you enter a classroom.
Take off your jacket and empty your pockets.
Take off your shoes before going into a temple.
Take off your wet clothes and change into something dry.
Take one of these to help you sleep.
Take some money just in case you need it.
Take the apple and divide it into halves.
Take the elevator three floors down to the conference room.
Take the one you like best, whichever it is.
Take this chair back to the meeting room.
Take this folding umbrella with you. It might come in handy.
Take this medicine and you'll feel better soon.
Take this medicine when you have a cold.
Take your coat off and make yourself at home.
Take your hat off when you enter a house of worship.
Take your shoes off before going into a temple.
Take your shoes off before you come into the room.
Take your time. We have all afternoon to shop.
Take your umbrella with you in case it rains.
Taken by surprise, I couldn't think of anything to say.
Taking a hot bath helps me take my mind off my worries.
Taking a taxi is a luxury for me.
Taking advantage of the holidays, I returned home to Nagoya.
Taking all things into consideration, I have made up my mind to give up the idea.
Taking care of the baby is my job.
Taking care of the boy is a great drain on her energies.
Taking everything into consideration, the result is better than I expected.
Talking to him always puts me in a good mood.
Talking to your plants doesn't help them grow faster.
Tap water is sometimes cleaner than bottled water.
Taste this wine to see if you like it.
Tastes in music vary from person to person.
Teachers often buy school supplies with their own money.
Teachers should never make fun of students who make mistakes.
Teak is a tropical dark wood used for making furniture.
Team members are provided with equipment and uniforms.
Teenagers are often embarrassed to be seen in public with their parents.
Tell her that I am taking a bath.
Tell her that I am treating a patient.
Tell her that I know who she is.
Tell her you like her. Don't be afraid. She won't bite you.
Tell me a little bit about your trip.
Tell me again how much money you have.
Tell me if there's anything I can do to help.
Tell me if you don't think this is funny.
Tell me if you're going to give it to him or not.
Tell me the reason why you want to live in the countryside.
Tell me the reason you were absent from school yesterday.
Tell me what else is on the list.
Tell me what I should be watching for.
Tell me what movies you guys have seen.
Tell me what time I need to be there.
Tell me what to do and I'll do it.
Tell me what to write and I'll write it for you.
Tell me what you did on your holidays.
Tell me what you eat, I'll tell you what you are.
Tell me what you have in your hand.
Tell me what you know about the incident.
Tell me what you think's inside this box.
Tell me what you want me to do.
Tell me when you want me to come.
Tell me which of the two cameras is the better one.
Tell me why you didn't do what I asked.
Tell me why you want to go there.
Tell me why you were absent from school yesterday.
Tell me your phone number and I'll call you back.
Tell me your story. I am all ears.
Tell them to call me before they leave.
Tell those people to back off so that the helicopter can land.
Tell Tom about what you did the other night.
Tell Tom he did a great job tonight.
Tell Tom he has to do everything Mary asks him to do.
Tell Tom I don't know where he parked his car.
Tell Tom I don't want to talk to him.
Tell Tom I'll be there as soon as I can.
Tell Tom I'll pick him up on the way.
Tell Tom that he needs to wear a tie tomorrow.
Tell Tom that I don't need his help.
Tell Tom that I don't want to talk to him.
Tell Tom that I'm too tired to help him.
Tell Tom what'll happen to him if he doesn't do it.
Tell Tom what's going to happen to him if he does that.
Tell us the story from beginning to end.
Tell us what you want and we'll try to get it for you.
Tell your wife every day that you love her.
Ten minutes after they had passed Nara, the car ran out of gas.
Ten people were slightly injured in the accident.
Ten policemen were assigned to patrol that area.
Ten years is a long time to wait.
Ten years is a really long period of time.
Tennis is difficult. I never know which way the ball is going to fly.
Tension is a major cause of heart disease.
Texas is nearly twice as large as Japan.
Thank you for all you did for me that time.
Thank you for all you've done for us.
Thank you for asking me to do this.
Thank you for considering me for the job.
Thank you for everything you've done for me.
Thank you for helping me carry my suitcases.
Thank you for helping me celebrate my birthday.
Thank you for helping me correct the situation.
Thank you for helping me cross the road.
Thank you for helping me cross the street.
Thank you for helping me find a good job.
Thank you for helping me keep out of trouble.
Thank you for helping me reach my goals.
Thank you for helping me stick to my diet.
Thank you for helping me write my resume.
Thank you for inviting me to the party.
Thank you for not blaming me for the accident.
Thank you for sending me a nice card.
Thank you for teaching me how to do this.
Thank you for teaching me so many things.
Thank you for the present you gave my son.
Thank you for the time you spent with me during my visit to Atlanta.
Thank you very much for all you have done.
Thank you very much for coming all the way to see me.
Thank you very much for lending me $500 when I was having difficulty making ends meet.
Thank you very much for your hospitality today.
Thank you very much for your thoughtful present.
Thanks a lot for all the things you've done for me.
Thanks for all you've done to make my special day such a memorable one.
Thanks for bringing me up to date on this matter.
Thanks for doing what needed to be done.
Thanks for seeing me on such short notice.
Thanks for showing me how to do that.
Thanks for showing me how to do this.
Thanks for taking care of all of this.
Thanks for the advice. I'll give it a try.
Thanks to him, I could get a job.
Thanks to his advice, I have saved a lot of money.
Thanks to his advice, we could finish it earlier than we had expected.
Thanks to his help, I finished my homework.
Thanks to my mother's help, I was able to buy a mountain bike.
Thanks to the bad weather, the game was canceled.
Thanks to this book, I learned some interesting facts about this insect.
Thanks to you, I have problems with my blood pressure.
Thanks to you, I spent all my money.
Thanks to your help, I passed the exam.
Thanks to your stupidity, we lost the game.
Thanks very much for having me to dinner the other night.
That accident is a good example of his carelessness.
That accident is a very good example of what happens when you're not careful.
That actually sounds like a lot of fun.
That adds a new dimension to our problem.
That baby is really not cute at all.
That bar is one of his favorite haunts.
That big boy is bullying the little children.
That blow on the head knocked him out cold.
That boat was full of refugees from Cuba.
That book is familiar to all young children.
That boy speaks as if he were an adult.
That boy talks as if he were a grown up.
That brand of tequila really packs a wallop.
That bridge across this river is the oldest in the town.
That bridge isn't strong enough to support so much weight.
That brings up another point I'd like to discuss.
That building is more than three hundred years old.
That bus stops in front of my house.
That cake looks good too. Give me a small piece.
That can't be Mary. She's in the hospital now.
That car dealership has a reputation for selling lemons.
That car is too expensive for me to buy.
That child grew a lot in a short amount of time.
That child may have been kidnapped on his way home.
That child threw a stone at the dog.
That child wants a friend to play with.
That child wants some friends to play with.
That cloud looks like a rabbit to me.
That coat may have cost a lot of money, but it's worth it.
That company hires people without regard to race, religion, or nationality.
That company is managed by my older brother.
That company just put up a web page.
That company puts out a magazine, doesn't it?
That cost me a lot in the long run.
That could be true, but I don't really think so.
That country has a trade surplus. It exports more than it imports.
That country is about twice as large as Japan.
That cut on your arm looks pretty serious.
That desk does not fit in this room.
That diamond ring cost an arm and a leg.
That doctor specializes in helping those with eating disorders.
That doctor's experiments have blazed the way for new discoveries.
That doctrine will no doubt lead to serious consequences.
That doesn't give us a lot of time.
That doesn't sound like something you would say.
That dog is exactly twice the size of this one.
That dog tries to eat just about anything he lays his eyes on.
That dry-cleaning business is a front for the mob.
That exercise is good for the abdominal muscles.
That experience left a bad taste in my mouth.
That foul odor is coming from the river.
That French word has no equivalent in English.
That guy is always asking his parents for money.
That guy still doesn't know who I am.
That happened to you because you were careless.
That has allowed the creation of 4.000 new jobs.
That has nothing to do with this problem.
That he is a genius is clear to everyone.
That hotel is not all it's cracked up to be.
That hotel isn't all it's cracked up to be.
That house is small, but it's big enough for us.
That house is the only one that survived the fire.
That house is the place where I was born.
That idea was discarded as soon as it was brought up.
That is insane. Only a fool would believe that.
That is new a shop which opened last week.
That is not how we do things here.
That is one of the most difficult languages in the whole world.
That is something you should not have said.
That is the book I want to read.
That is the highest mountain in the world.
That is the house where I was born.
That is the same umbrella that I found on the bus.
That is the sort of job I am cut out for.
That is why he was late for school.
That is why he wasn't present at the meeting.
That is why I am angry with him.
That is why I was late for class yesterday.
That isn't a very nice thing to say.
That isn't exactly what I meant to say.
That isn't going to happen, and you know it.
That isn't how I want things to be.
That isn't likely to happen in my lifetime.
That isn't quite what I had in mind.
That isn't really what I was hoping for.
That isn't something I know how to do.
That isn't the reason why I said the job wasn't easy.
That isn't the response that I was expecting.
That isn't what I was saying at all.
That jacket is way too big for you.
That jacket must've cost you an arm and a leg.
That job is impossible for me to do.
That job took a lot out of me.
That job wasn't very interesting. However, the pay was good.
That job will take at least ten days.
That joke he told really cracked me up!
That just goes to prove that you are a liar.
That kid got a slap from his mother for being rude.
That kid was almost run over when the truck backed up.
That kid's a chip off the old block.
That kind of machine is yet to be invented.
That kind of thing can happen when you're in a hurry.
That kind of thing doesn't happen around here.
That kind of thing doesn't happen in this neighborhood.
That kind of thing is rare these days.
That knife came in very handy, didn't it?
That looks delicious. I'd like to try it.
That looks like it would be fun to do.
That looks like my handwriting, but I didn't write that.
That made the problem all the more complicated.
That makes me disgusted just to think of it.
That man died of lung cancer a week ago.
That man is going on trial next week.
That man is on trial for the murder of a little girl.
That man is tall and has long legs.
That man over there asked me who I was.
That man told me that his name was Tom Jackson.
That material's going to shrink if it's washed.
That may have been true when you were a kid, but it's not true anymore.
That might depend on your point of view.
That mountain is about three thousand meters high.
That mountain is five times as high as this one.
That movie isn't as interesting as the original.
That news report is inconsistent with the facts.
That night, we slept out in the open.
That offer sounds too good to be true. What's the catch?
That old man is, so to speak, a walking dictionary.
That package from Australia sure is taking its time.
That painting has started to grow on me.
That person doesn't have any money at all.
That picture brought back a lot of memories.
That pigeon flew from San Francisco to New York.
That place is in the middle of nowhere.
That place is worth visiting at least once.
That pretty bird did nothing but sing day after day.
That problem has been shelved for the time being.
That reminds me of something I heard yesterday.
That restaurant prepares two thousand meals every day.
That shop sells a lot of imported items.
That should only take me a few minutes.
That song has been stuck in my head for a while.
That song is very popular with young people.
That song reminds me of a certain girl.
That song was very popular three years ago.
That sort of flattery will get you nowhere.
That sounds a lot easier to do than it is.
That species of bird is said to be in danger of dying out.
That still leaves us with the question of why.
That store had just about everything we needed to buy.
That story is a famous one that everyone knows.
That story is too incredible to be true.
That student raised his hand to ask a question.
That time table gives the hours of arrival and departure.
That took much more time than I thought it would.
That tower you see over there is the Eiffel Tower.
That trick is really tough to pull off.
That turned out not to be so easy.
That type of person almost never asks for a raise.
That was a good joke. Tell us another one.
That was a low point. Things have improved since then.
That was a mediocre movie with mediocre actors.
That was a more serious problem than we thought it would be.
That was a nifty way of doing it.
That was a pretty stupid thing to do.
That was an offer that I couldn't refuse.
That was going to be my next suggestion.
That was harder than I thought it would be.
That was just the tip of the iceberg.
That was more difficult than I thought it would be.
That was more interesting than I thought it would be.
That was one of the best times of my life.
That was one of the biggest mistakes in my life.
That was such a good book that I read it three times.
That was supposed to be our little secret.
That was the best meal I've ever eaten.
That was the first time I did that.
That was the first time I had ever driven a car.
That was the first time that a man walked on the moon.
That was the hardest job of my life.
That was the hardest thing I ever did in my life.
That was the last thing I wanted to do.
That was the most interesting film that we had ever seen.
That was the only thing I could do.
That was the worst movie I've ever seen.
That was what I was going to say.
That was, as it were, part of the job.
That wasn't so hard to admit, was it?
That wasn't what I had planned to do.
That watch is less expensive than this one.
That way I kill two birds with one stone.
That way we kill two birds with one stone.
That which is easily acquired is easily lost.
That woman standing over there is the most beautiful woman I've ever seen.
That would be a waste of her talent.
That would be a waste of his talent.
That would be a waste of their talents.
That would be nice if it were true.
That would've been the right thing to do.
That writer is well known all over the world.
That, of course, does not mean that they are right.
That's a filthy job and I don't want to do it.
That's a funny thing about people like you, you don't want to get your hands dirty.
That's a good idea. I'm going to do that.
That's a good story. The only problem is that it's not true.
That's a job of your own choosing, isn't it?
That's a picture of Tom and his cat.
That's a pretty lame joke. Did you come up with it yourself?
That's a risk you just have to take.
That's a sentence I never thought I'd say.
That's a topic we've been trying to avoid.
That's a very good question. I'm glad you asked it.
That's a very old-fashioned way of saying that.
That's all I can give you right now.
That's all I can say at the moment.
That's all I can tell you for now.
That's all I can tell you right now.
That's all I have to say to you.
That's an interesting proposal. I'll think about it.
That's an interesting remark, but it's beside the point.
That's exactly what I want you to do.
That's going to cost you a lot of money.
That's it. I've done all I can do.
That's it. I've done everything I can do.
That's it. This is where I draw the line.
That's like the pot calling the kettle black.
That's more recent than you think it is.
That's my story and I'm sticking to it.
That's no way to speak to your parents.
That's nonsense. Nobody but a fool would believe it.
That's not a sentence you hear every day.
That's not a very nice thing to say.
That's not exactly what I had in mind.
That's not exactly what I meant to say.
That's not how I want things to be.
That's not how I want to be remembered.
That's not likely to happen in my lifetime.
That's not quite what I had in mind.
That's not really what I was hoping for.
That's not something I know how to do.
That's not something I want to think about right now.
That's not the only thing I have to do.
That's not the reason why I said the job wasn't easy.
That's not the response that I was expecting.
That's not the way it happened at all.
That's not the word I had in mind.
That's not what I've been asked to do.
That's not what you need to think about now.
That's one of the funniest jokes I've ever heard.
That's one of the funniest jokes that I've ever heard.
That's one of the weirdest things I've ever seen.
That's one reason why I'll never do it again.
That's pretty much all you need to know.
That's pretty much everything you need to know.
That's something we must avoid at all costs.
That's something we should probably take care of right away.
That's strange. I could have sworn that I'd locked this door.
That's the best paper I've read so far.
That's the best thing that could happen to me.
That's the computer he used to write the article.
That's the first thing that we need to fix.
That's the friend I gave the key to.
That's the girl whose father is a doctor.
That's the last thing I want to do.
That's the most absurd idea I've ever heard.
That's the most beautiful Christmas tree I've ever seen.
That's the most important thing in the world.
That's the most important thing to do at this time.
That's the most interesting novel I've ever read.
That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard.
That's the nicest thing anyone's ever said to me.
That's the only residential building in Boston that's been torn down recently.
That's the part that I didn't quite understand.
That's the problem with doing things your way.
That's the reason why I couldn't attend the meeting.
That's the stupidest idea that I've ever heard.
That's the ugliest baby that I've ever seen.
That's the woman who wants to see you.
That's the worst mug shot I've ever seen.
That's the worst thing that could possibly happen.
That's too expensive for me. Can you lower the price a bit?
That's too hard a problem for me to solve.
That's very kind of you to say that.
That's what got me into this line of work.
That's what I expected it to be like.
That's what I thought in the first place.
That's what I want most in the world.
That's what I want to talk to you about.
That's what I was told three hours ago.
That's what I would do in your place.
That's what Tom and I are trying to do.
That's what Tom and I were told three hours ago.
That's what we need to focus on doing first.
That's what you've wanted all along, isn't it?
That's why he did not go overseas to study.
That's why I didn't want to come here.
That's why I was absent from school yesterday.
That's why I'm telling you not to go alone.
That's why no one wants to work with you.
That's why so many students are absent today.
That's why some veterans never wanted to talk about the war.
The accent of this word is on the second syllable.
The accident is still vivid in his memory.
The accident left a long, deep gash in the side of the airplane.
The accident seemed to have something to do with the heavy snow.
The accident took place the day before yesterday.
The accused told the judge that he was innocent.
The acoustics in the basement aren't very good.
The action took place in a mountain village.
The actor died at the height of his popularity.
The actress looks younger than she really is.
The actress made her debut when she was eight.
The actress said that she was engaged to a banker.
The actual cost was higher than the estimate.
The administration is opposed to these new taxes.
The African elephant has bigger ears than the Asian elephant.
The age of nuclear power is not yet over.
The agenda for the meeting has been distributed.
The ages of the two children put together was equivalent to that of their father.
The aim is to be out of the country within the hour.
The aim of this game is to explode all the bombs on the screen.
The air conditioner seems to be working now.
The air is bad here. Will you open the window?
The air is thin at the top of a high mountain.
The air we breathe consists of oxygen and nitrogen.
The airline announced that the plane had landed.
The airline provided free accommodation to stranded passengers as a goodwill gesture.
The airline sent my suitcase to Boston by mistake.
The airplane crashed about three kilometers from the airport.
The airport is far away from the city.
The airport was closed because of the fog.
The alarm rang and everyone had to evacuate.
The Alps are in the center of Europe.
The Amazon is fed by a large number of tributaries.
The Amazon is the second longest river in the world after the Nile.
The ambulance went out of control and came close to running over a pedestrian.
The ambulances carried the injured to the nearest hospital.
The American Civil War is the central theme of the book.
The American ships were stopped and searched in British waters.
The Americans did not like the new plan.
The amount of time you spend practicing the trumpet is up to you.
The angrier you get, the funnier you look.
The angry mob overturned cars and smashed storefront windows.
The animal struggled to get out of the cage.
The answer was right in front of me.
The answer was staring me in the face.
The antiques my father left when he died turned out to be nothing but worthless junk.
The apartment was completely bare when we moved in.
The Apollo program greatly advanced our knowledge of space.
The app won't work if you're not connected to the Internet.
The apple does not fall far from the tree.
The apple doesn't fall far from the tree.
The apple was cut in two by her with a knife.
The apples from the tree behind Tom's house are very delicious.
The apples he sent to me were delicious.
The apples that he sent to me were delicious.
The apples which he sent to me were delicious.
The archaeologist found the entrance to a tomb.
The architecture in this part of the city is ugly.
The area of the factory is 1,000 square meters.
The argument is rigorous and coherent but ultimately unconvincing.
The armchair I'm sitting in is very comfy.
The army is in the north to protect the border.
The article alludes to an event now forgotten.
The article on Buddhism revived my interest in oriental religions.
The artistic beauty of the garden is truly amazing.
The assassin smothered his victim with a pillow.
The assignment is due two weeks from today.
The assignment took me longer than I had expected.
The astronaut had to conduct many experiments in the space shuttle.
The astronauts were greeted with cheers and applause of an enthusiastic crowd.
The athletes trained hard every day to be at their best for the Summer Olympics.
The athletic meet was postponed due to rain.
The athletic meet was put off until next week.
The atmosphere becomes thinner as you climb higher.
The atomic bomb destroyed the entire city of Hiroshima.
The attack killed a number of civilians and one serviceman.
The auctioneer spoke too fast to be understood.
The audience could hardly wait for the concert to begin.
The audience reacted in different ways to her performance.
The audience was very much entertained by the show.
The author dedicated the book to his sister.
The author of this article is a famous critic.
The authorities are striving in vain to stabilize the currency.
The automobile industry is one of the main industries in Japan.
The avalanche swept away everything in its path.
The average American living space is twice as large as the living space in Japan.
The baby has been crying for a long time.
The baby has been crying for almost ten minutes.
The baby in the cradle is very cute.
The baby in the cradle is very pretty.
The baby is in his crib, sucking on his pacifier.
The baby sleeping in the baby carriage is as cute as an angel.
The baby was fast asleep in her mother's arms.
The baby was sleeping soundly in his mother's arms.
The baby woke up in the middle of the night.
The back seat of the car will hold three passengers.
The back wheels on that tractor have ball bearings the size of my fist.
The bacteria that are transferred during a kiss help improve your immune system.
The bad weather delayed the plane for two hours.
The bad weather delayed the plane's departure by two hours.
The bad weather prevented me from going fishing.
The bad weather prevented me from going to work.
The bag will easily carry enough clothes for a week.
The bakery is located next to the butcher shop.
The ball hit him on the left side of the head.
The ball rolled on the ground towards me.
The bank loaned the company one million dollars.
The bank rate cut is expected to relieve the severe financial squeeze that has hit industry.
The bank reassured us that our money was safe.
The bar was so crowded you could hardly move.
The bar was so smoky that my eyes started to sting.
The bark of this tree is very rough.
The bartender told me you were a regular here.
The baseball game was put off till next Sunday.
The bat was stolen yesterday, along with the balls.
The bath was not hot enough and I was unable to enjoy it.
The bathroom is at the end of the hall.
The bathtub was filled with hot water and flower petals.
The Battle for Belleau Wood lasted three weeks.
The beach is an ideal place for children to play.
The beach was closed due to shark sightings.
The bear is quite tame and doesn't bite.
The Beatles gave five concerts in Tokyo in 1996.
The beauty of the scenery was beyond description.
The bed takes up a lot of room.
The beggar turned out to be a thief.
The bell had already rung when I got to school.
The bell rang, and the train began to move.
The bellboy will show you to your room.
The best cookies I've ever eaten are the ones that your mother baked for me.
The best parents of all are those who allow their children to follow their natural talents.
The best place to hide something is in plain sight.
The best thing is to tell the truth.
The best thing to do is to ask an expert to repair it.
The best thing would be for you to do the work yourself.
The best way to learn a language is to live in a country where it's spoken.
The best way to learn French is to live in a French-speaking country.
The best way to predict the future is to create it yourself.
The best way to predict the future is to invent it.
The big fire reduced the whole town to ashes.
The big toe on my right foot hurts.
The big, yellow bus came hurtling down the street.
The bigger a city grows, the dirtier the air and water become.
The bigger they are, the harder they fall.
The bigger they come, the harder they fall.
The bill added up to three thousand dollars.
The bill was approved by an overwhelming majority.
The bill was passed by an overwhelming majority.
The bird picked up the twig with its beak and flew to its nest.
The birth rate and death rate were nearly equal.
The bishop took pity on the desperate immigrants.
The black angel spread those jet-black wings wide and flew up into the sky.
The black cat purred, as if he was being petted.
The black telephone costs more than the white.
The blind man felt his way toward the exit.
The blockade by Britain and the other allies was very successful.
The blossoms will be out in a few days.
The blue lines on the map represent rivers.
The blue of her eyes stands out against her rather dark skin.
The board of directors is going to discuss the proposal next Tuesday.
The board unanimously decided to appoint her as CEO.
The boat sank to the bottom of the lake.
The bomb caused a lot of damage when it exploded.
The bomb was defused by the bomb squad.
The bomb was defused just minutes before it would have exploded.
The bomb was defused just minutes before it would've exploded.
The book I bought last week was really interesting.
The book I read yesterday was really interesting.
The book that you're looking for is on my desk.
The book was so gripping, I could hardly put it down.
The book you gave me is very interesting.
The book you're looking for is on my desk.
The boss gave us all a day off.
The boss has a good opinion of your work.
The boss outlined a three-pronged approach to turn the fortune of the company around.
The boss spoke in a condescending tone when addressing the female staff members.
The botanist studied the flora of the remote island.
The bottom 40% of the U.S. population has only 0.3% of the wealth.
The box is light enough for a child to carry.
The box was crushed during transport and the contents flew out.
The box was empty when I opened it.
The boxer was pressured to throw the fight.
The boy broke the window with a baseball last weekend.
The boy caressed the girl's chin and kissed her cheek.
The boy carved his name into the tree.
The boy carved his name on the tree.
The boy caught the cat by the tail.
The boy clasped the puppy to his chest.
The boy could not find his way out of the maze.
The boy crammed all his clothes into the bag.
The boy did nothing but cry all day long.
The boy dug a grave for his dead pet.
The boy dug a grave for his dog that had died.
The boy fell off the bicycle and fractured his skull.
The boy gathered a handful of peanuts and put them in a small box.
The boy grabbed the cat by the tail.
The boy had a mischievous smirk on his face.
The boy had the dish empty in a moment.
The boy had the kindness to show us around.
The boy has a shock of blond hair.
The boy has an apple in his pocket.
The boy has never been to the zoo.
The boy is bashful and doesn't talk much.
The boy is playing with his toy soldiers.
The boy lifted the heavy box with one hand.
The boy lost his way in the forest.
The boy mocked his friend for being a coward.
The boy mourned the death of his hamster.
The boy next door fell head first from a tree.
The boy opened the window, although his mother told him not to.
The boy passed the time by flinging stones into the lake.
The boy playing the guitar is my brother.
The boy pressed his face against the shop window.
The boy pretended he could read, but he was holding the book upside down.
The boy pretended that he was too sick to go to school.
The boy said that the taxi vanished into the fog.
The boy singing a song is my brother.
The boy standing over there is my son.
The boy talks as if he were a man.
The boy threw a paper airplane at the teacher.
The boy told me why he was crying.
The boy took a fancy to the dog.
The boy took off his clothes and put on his pajamas.
The boy tried to saw off the dead branch.
The boy was absent from school yesterday because he was sick.
The boy was gazing at a school of carp in the pond.
The boy was on the point of drowning when his father came to his rescue.
The boy was searching for the lost key.
The boy washing the car is my brother.
The boy who had been missing was identified by his clothes.
The boy who lives next door often comes home late.
The boys are still playing in the sandbox.
The boys in the village laughed at me.
The boys were as nervous as the girls.
The boys who helped us weren't so young.
The brain needs a continuous supply of blood.
The branch broke under the weight of the snow.
The Brandenburg Gate is one of the most famous landmarks in Germany.
The brave fireman rescued a boy from the burning house.
The Brazilian economy is growing by leaps and bounds.
The bread I bought at the supermarket doesn't taste very good.
The bread that I bought at the supermarket doesn't taste very good.
The breakfast dishes were still in the sink.
The bricklayer calculated that he would need 500 bricks for the wall.
The bride's family is paying for the wedding.
The bridge between Denmark and Sweden is almost five miles long.
The bridge collapsed when one of the cables snapped.
The bridge cost a great deal of money.
The bridge couldn't sustain the force of the strong current and collapsed.
The bridge has a span of 100 meters.
The bridge is very long and very tall.
The bridge must be built in six months.
The bridge saved them a lot of time and trouble.
The bridge saved us a lot of time.
The bridge was washed away by the flood.
The British defeated the French in North America in 1763.
The British forces were ordered to seize the weapons.
The British had military bases along New York's Hudson River.
The British have a lot of respect for law and order.
The British people turned to a new leader, Winston Churchill.
The bronze statue looks quite nice from a distance.
The budget of the film was very limited.
The building is surrounded by a barbed wire fence.
The building on the hill is our school.
The building that I saw was very large.
The building with the reddish brown roof is a church.
The buildings are small in comparison to the skyscrapers in New York.
The buildings were damaged by the storm last night.
The bull is stronger than the bullfighter, but he almost always loses.
The bullet penetrated his chest, leaving him in critical condition.
The burglar gained access to the house through a window.
The burglar locked the couple in the basement.
The burglar shut the child in the closet.
The burglar tied my hands behind my back with a rope.
The burglar was traced by one of the things he had left on the scene.
The bus I take to school is always crowded.
The bus is capable of carrying thirty people.
The bus is full. You'll have to wait for the next one.
The bus is usually late when it rains.
The bus stopped suddenly in the middle of the street.
The bus stopped, but no one got out.
The bus stops in front of my house.
The bus was empty except for one elderly woman.
The bus was late because of the traffic jam.
The bus will be here in a few minutes.
The bus will be here in five minutes.
The bus will take you to the center of the city.
The buses are usually late when it rains.
The busses are especially crowded during rush hour.
The busy mother told the children to run along.
The button battery for my computer's timer died.
The button on your coat is coming off.
The buying and selling of peoples' personal information is becoming a big issue.
The Cabinet is meeting today to discuss the crisis.
The cabinet minister ended up submitting his resignation.
The cabinet minister wound up submitting his resignation.
The cake got crushed by the jar of juice.
The caller refused to give us his name.
The camera you bought is better than mine.
The campaign succeeded and he won the election.
The campers were hard up for water because their well had run dry.
The Canadian chopped down the tree with an ax.
The canary is in the cage on the window ledge.
The canary is in the cage on the windowsill.
The candle burned out, so I lit another one.
The candle flickered a few times and then went out.
The candle was blown out by the wind.
The canteen had not a drop of water left.
The capital of Mexico is the largest city in Latin America.
The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C.
The captain gave the order to abandon the ship.
The captain is responsible for the safety of passengers.
The captain of the ship decided to change course.
The captain told us to get off the ship.
The captain was the last person to leave the sinking ship.
The capture of the prince by the king led to another war.
The car broke down on the way to the airport.
The car bumper absorbed some of the impact.
The car crashed because the driver was careless.
The car exploded a few moments after the collision.
The car had two broad stripes painted on the hood and the trunk.
The car I rented from you has a problem.
The car is easy for me to drive.
The car is old but in good condition.
The car is parked in front of the building.
The car made a turn to the left.
The car stalled because you didn't step on the clutch.
The car stopped in the middle of the road.
The car turned over and burst into flames.
The car was carrying four people when the accident occurred.
The car won't start because the battery has run down.
The carpet muffled the sound of my feet.
The car's antenna is built into the windshield.
The car's tires were caked with dried mud.
The castle has been restored and is open to the public.
The castle is on the other side of the river.
The castle was destroyed in 1485, and never rebuilt.
The castle was transformed into a marvelous museum.
The castle's guards were armed with bows and arrows.
The cat and the dog are playing with each other.
The cat arched its back and stretched itself.
The cat burglar must have entered the mansion from the roof.
The cat chased the mouse, but couldn't catch it.
The cat doesn't look happy to see us.
The cat dug its claws into my hand.
The cat fell asleep curled up in front of the fireplace.
The cat is sitting on top of the table.
The cat jumped off the couch and hid under the table.
The cat left a mouse on the doorstep.
The cat likes to play in the garden.
The cat pressed its nose against the window.
The cat was lying stretched out at full length in the sunlight streaming through the window.
The cat was not buried alive. He survived.
The cat was scared by an unfamiliar noise.
The cat went through a gap in the fence.
The catapult hurled the boulder over the castle walls.
The category of a hurricane depends on its wind speed.
The cathedral dates back to the Middle Ages.
The Catholic Bible contains everything in the Protestant Bible plus several other books.
The cats are drinking milk from a bowl.
The cat's sleeping on the rug in front of the fireplace.
The cause of death is yet to be determined.
The cause of death seems to be a gunshot wound.
The cause of his death still remains a mystery.
The cause of the accident is a complete mystery.
The cause of the accident is not known to us.
The cause of the accident is still not clear.
The cause of the accident is still obscure.
The cause of the fire is not known.
The cause of the fire is yet unknown.
The cave was so dark that they had to feel their way.
The ceiling is very low in this room.
The celebrations culminated in a spectacular fireworks display.
The CEO is trying to quash these unfounded rumors about a merger.
The chairman suggested that we should discuss the problem.
The chairperson has been associated with the organization for ten years.
The challenges are daunting, but we can overcome them.
The chances are slim to none that you'll win the lottery.
The chances are that he is still in bed.
The chances are that the bill will be rejected.
The changes are being made as we speak.
The changes resulting from the women's movement have affected both women and men.
The charge for a front row seat is 5 dollars.
The cheetah uses a combination of stealth and explosive acceleration to catch its prey.
The cherry blossoms are at their best in April.
The chief justice will swear in the president.
The child came aboard the plane in a good mood.
The child caught the cat by the tail.
The child climbed to the top of the fir tree.
The child had no overcoat on although it was very cold.
The child sat on his mother's lap and listened to the story.
The child talks as if he were a man.
The child threw a stone at the dog.
The child was afraid of being left alone in the dark.
The child was made a ward of the state.
The child was rushed to the hospital after swallowing a crayon.
The child was told to apologize for being rude to the guests.
The children are building sand castles on the beach.
The children are going to the beach today.
The children are making a lot of noise.
The children built a sand castle on the beach.
The children didn't seem to understand the instructions.
The children drew pictures on the sidewalk with chalk.
The children exchanged presents at the Christmas party.
The children go to school in the morning.
The children had the benefit of a good upbringing.
The children sense what is happening between the parents.
The children sense what's going on between the parents.
The children started bouncing up and down on the couch.
The children tried to catch snowflakes on their tongues.
The children watched TV as Tom was cooking dinner.
The children watched TV while Tom cooked dinner.
The children went to school in spite of the rain.
The children were chasing each other and laughing.
The children were left to fend for themselves.
The children were reluctant to go to bed.
The children were sleeping when their grandparents called them.
The children were so noisy that I couldn't study.
The children will be happy to see you.
The children will wake up if you make noise.
The child's face glowed when he saw Santa Claus.
The choir sung an a capella version of the song.
The Christmas party won't be the same this year without Tom.
The Christmas vacation was over all too soon.
The church is at the foot of a mountain.
The church is between my house and yours.
The church is in the middle of the village.
The church is located in the center of the village.
The church is on the hill overlooking the city.
The church is on the other side of the street.
The church was built hundreds of years ago.
The church's steeple is beginning to crumble with age.
The CIA runs a thorough background check on all new employees.
The citizens of this small community don't condone public displays of affection.
The city center should be closed to all but pedestrian traffic.
The city is beautiful at night, but rather ugly during the day.
The city is being blanketed again today by a thick pall of smoke from nearby bushfires.
The city is divided into ten administrative districts.
The city is gaining popularity as a major tourist destination.
The city library underwent extensive renovations and can now accommodate twice as many books as before.
The city was soon occupied by the soldiers.
The civilian unrest is showing no signs of abating.
The class was too big so we split up into two smaller groups.
The classroom is full of teenagers. A couple of them are asleep.
The climate here is milder than that of Moscow.
The climate of New Zealand is similar to that of Japan.
The clock stopped. It needs a new battery.
The cloning of human embryos is prohibited by law.
The clouds floating in the sky are beautiful.
The clouds were driven away by the wind.
The club members assembled in the meeting room.
The coach gave his team a pep talk before the game started.
The coach made us run three extra laps.
The coach told me I needed to practice harder.
The coach urged his team not to be complacent following their four consecutive wins.
The coat I wanted was priced at three hundred dollars.
The coffee is for me and the tea is for you.
The coffee is too bitter for me to drink.
The coffee was so hot that I couldn't drink it.
The coffee was so hot that I nearly burned my tongue.
The Cold War also affected the Middle East.
The Cold War ended when the Soviet Union collapsed.
The cold weather is expected to last until the weekend.
The cold weather slowed the growth of the rice plants.
The Coliseum was the former arena in ancient Rome.
The colonists bartered with the natives for fur.
The colony declared independence and became a republic.
The colors of the American flag are red, white and blue.
The colors of this painting are very bright.
The Colosseum is one of Rome's most famous landmarks.
The combination of these factors has led to an interesting result.
The comic scenes in the play were overdone.
The commission concluded that the answer was no.
The committee can only act in an advisory capacity.
The committee is made up of ten members.
The committee will announce its decision next Monday.
The company also markets various personal care products and dietary supplements.
The company asked the bank to loan them some money to buy new machinery.
The company decided to hire two new secretaries.
The company gave him a gold watch in acknowledgement of his services.
The company has decided to employ two new secretaries.
The company has purchased a new computer system.
The company has spent a lot of money on advertising.
The company has unofficially decided to employ me.
The company invested a lot of money in this project.
The company invited their prospective customers to the party.
The company is attempting to stagger work hours.
The company is on the verge of bankruptcy.
The company is promoting a new car on TV.
The company is trying to improve its image.
The company manufactures a variety of paper goods.
The company presented him with a gold watch on the day he retired.
The company produces soy sauce and other food products.
The company provides health care and life insurance benefits for all of its employees.
The company spends a lot of money on advertising.
The company was able to ramp up sales by hiring more employees and streamlining working practices.
The company was forced to lay off many employees.
The company was started with $100,000 in capital.
The company went public and became listed on the stock exchange in 1990.
The company, although with some exceptions, usually utilizes its resources very well.
The company's competitive edge will be eroded if system engineers continue to leave.
The company's immediate priority is to expand the market share.
The company's insolvency forced it to file for bankruptcy.
The concert came to an end at ten o'clock.
The concert had already begun when we arrived.
The conference is to be held in Tokyo the day after tomorrow.
The conflict between blacks and whites in the city became worse.
The consequence of a wrong translation can sometimes be catastrophic.
The consequence was that she lost her job.
The construction of a highway will contribute to the growth of the suburbs.
The contents of the box are listed on the label.
The contents of the four registers are preserved by the called subroutine.
The contestants are gearing up for the final round of competition.
The contract is in the bag, so let's go out and celebrate.
The controls of the plane were out of order.
The cook put the food in the dumb waiter.
The cool air felt wonderful on my face.
The cop went through his pockets, but found nothing.
The cops are looking for the gang's hideout.
The cops are searching for the missing documents.
The cops like the victim's boyfriend for the murder.
The cops threw tear-gas bombs into the building.
The coral reef is the region's prime attraction.
The corporation invited bids for the construction project.
The corpse has a gunshot wound in the chest.
The cost of building the new hospital was considerably higher than first estimated.
The cost of flying overseas has risen with the cost of fuel.
The cost of gasoline keeps on going up.
The cost of living here is very cheap.
The cost of living in Japan is going down.
The cost of living in the United States was rising.
The cost of living in Tokyo is very high.
The cost of living is very high in Tokyo.
The counterfeit bills flooded the market over the weekend.
The counting of the ballots took half an hour.
The country has resources, but can't exploit them.
The country is headed on the wrong track.
The country is heading in the right direction.
The country is in a bad economic state.
The country's main products are cocoa and gold.
The coup attempt was foiled at the last moment.
The couple carved their initials into the oak tree.
The couple separated, never to see each other again.
The couple spent a lot of money on furnishing their house.
The court condemned the man to death by lethal injection.
The cow gave birth to a calf with two heads.
The coward is the first to raise his fist.
The cowboys rounded up the herd of cattle.
The cows were moving very slowly through the long green grass.
The crane, unlike the dog, has never dreamed of flying.
The crew is busy preparing for the voyage into outer space.
The crew were all waiting for the news.
The criminal did evil things as a child.
The criminal was arrested and put into prison.
The criticism of the actor's performance was just.
The crocodile trapped the gnu as it tried to cross the river.
The crowd demonstrated in support of human rights.
The crowd got out of control and broke through the fence.
The crowd went berserk when the band started playing.
The crowd yelled when he scored a goal.
The crown prince is the one who is to succeed to the throne.
The cruel man beat the dog with a whip.
The cuffs of his suit jacket are badly frayed.
The cup broke when it fell off the table.
The custom was handed down from generation to generation.
The customers gave him fleeting glances, then returned to their conversations.
The customers had to wait outside in the rain for several hours.
The customers were made to wait outside in the rain for several hours.
The dam burst owing to the heavy rain.
The damage will cost us a lot of money.
The dark clouds and swirling wind indicated that a storm was imminent.
The data cited in King's research is taken from UNESCO's 1970 white paper on world population.
The data has been fed into the computer.
The date of manufacture is shown on the lid.
The date of the festival coincides with that of the exam.
The date of the party is still up in the air.
The day will soon come when man can travel to Mars.
The day will soon come when we will be able to predict earthquakes.
The day will surely come when your dreams will come true.
The dead fish on the beach are starting to smell.
The deal fell apart at the last minute.
The death of my grandmother was a great shock.
The death of one man is a tragedy. The death of millions is a statistic.
The death toll from the hurricane climbed to 200.
The decision whether I should see her is mine alone.
The deeper we dove, the colder the water became.
The defendant was found not guilty by reason of insanity.
The delay forced us to stay overnight in an expensive hotel.
The delegations of both countries met in Geneva.
The delivery of the goods was delayed due to the storm.
The demon lord finally lost consciousness and fell to the floor with a thud.
The demonstration at City Hall started getting out of hand.
The dentist gave me some pills for my toothache.
The dentist will see you only by appointment.
The destruction of the rainforests affects our environment.
The detective I hired called to tell me he has a promising lead.
The detective shadowed the suspect for four blocks.
The detective showed me a picture of my wife and another man.
The development of the computer industry has been very rapid.
The diamond was set in a gold ring.
The dictator came to power fifteen years ago.
The dictionary is of great use to me.
The diesel engine was invented by Rudolf Diesel.
The dietitian told me I eat too much starch.
The dietitian told me that I eat too much starch.
The difference between the two versions isn't clear.
The differences were minor, so I ignored them.
The director wants to see you in his office.
The dirty boy turned out to be a prince in disguise.
The disagreement between the union and management could lead to a strike.
The discussion finally led to a good compromise.
The discussion went on till late at night.
The dishes are piling up in the sink.
The distance between stars is measured in light years.
The district attorney is unwilling to proceed due to insufficient evidence.
The divorce was finalized this morning at the attorney's office.
The DNA test cleared him of all charges.
The doctor advised him to ease up on alcohol.
The doctor advised him to stop working too much.
The doctor advised me not to drink too much.
The doctor advised me not to eat too much.
The doctor advised me to give up smoking.
The doctor advised me to take up some sport to stay in shape.
The doctor advised my father to give up smoking.
The doctor advised that she stay at home.
The doctor advised that she take a holiday.
The doctor arrived in the nick of time.
The doctor asked me to take off my shirt.
The doctor asked me to wiggle my toes.
The doctor continued to observe the patient's behavior.
The doctor couldn't figure out what was wrong.
The doctor did a good job on my leg.
The doctor examined over fifty patients that day.
The doctor gave him some drugs to relieve the pain.
The doctor informed his patient of the name of his disease.
The doctor instructed me to go on a diet.
The doctor knew how to cope with an emergency like this.
The doctor monitored the patient's heartbeat and blood pressure.
The doctor ordered a full physical examination for the patient.
The doctor ordered her to go on a strict diet.
The doctor ordered me to stay in bed.
The doctor persuaded him to give up smoking.
The doctor placed a stethoscope on the patient's chest.
The doctor reassured me about my father's condition.
The doctor said that I'm unfit for duty.
The doctor said you need to stay in bed.
The doctor says that I'll never be able to swim again.
The doctor thought that the patient's pulse was a little fast.
The doctor told her that she should take a rest.
The doctor told me not to eat too much.
The doctor told me that I should eat breakfast every day.
The doctor told me that I should eat less.
The doctor told me that I was infertile.
The doctor told me to eat fewer high-calorie snacks.
The doctor told me to give up smoking.
The doctor told me to inhale and exhale slowly and deeply.
The doctor told me to rest for a few days.
The doctor told Tom to stop eating dog food.
The doctor wants Tom to lose a little weight.
The doctor warned him of the dangers of smoking.
The doctor was not sure what the trouble was.
The doctor will be here in a minute.
The doctor wouldn't accept any gifts from the poor.
The doctor wouldn't allow me to take part in the marathon.
The doctors did everything they could to save Tom.
The doctors didn't believe Tom was in danger of dying.
The doctor's office is on the second floor.
The doctors said he would never again be able to walk without some support.
The dog bared its fangs and growled as I approached the gate.
The dog days of summer have finally arrived.
The dog drank some water and went away.
The dog fell asleep on top of the blanket.
The dog felt guilty about eating the homework.
The dog followed its master, wagging its tail.
The dog kept me from approaching his house.
The dog pursued a rabbit into the forest.
The dog was busy burying his bone in the garden.
The dog was covered in mud from head to foot.
The dog was in a box under the table.
The dog wouldn't let go of the ball.
The dolphin and trainer communicated much better than we expected.
The door is locked at nine every night.
The door is open. I'll go and shut it.
The door opened and a man came out.
The door opened and a man walked in.
The door opened and there she was, standing in the doorway.
The door opened, and a man came out.
The door swung open and Tom walked into the room.
The door was closed, but it wasn't locked.
The door was locked and we couldn't get in.
The door was locked, so I couldn't get in.
The door was locked, so I couldn't open it.
The door will lock automatically when you go out.
The door won't open. There must be something wrong with the lock.
The doorman will call a taxi for us.
The doors wouldn't open, so I had to get in through the trunk.
The dress in the window caught my eye.
The driver is responsible for the safety of the passengers.
The driver stopped and opened the door, but no one got on or off the bus.
The driver stopped and opened the door, but nobody got on or off the bus.
The driver told us which bus we should take.
The drought has done great harm to the crops.
The drug must go through clinical trials before being approved.
The drug smuggler was arrested at the airport.
The drunk driver had to spend the night in jail.
The drunken men made derogatory remarks toward the women in the club.
The Dutch flag is red, white and blue.
The eagle had to be fed by hand.
The eagle soared majestically above the snow-covered peaks.
The ears of a rabbit are longer than those of a fox.
The earth is a lot larger than the moon.
The earth is far bigger than the moon.
The earth is much larger than the moon.
The earth is similar to an orange in shape.
The earth is small compared with the sun.
The earthquake was the biggest one that we had ever experienced.
The easiest way to get to the island is by ferry.
The eating of delicious food is one of the most intense and poignant pleasures of life.
The economy still hasn't completely recovered from the financial crisis.
The eerie silence struck terror into their hearts.
The effect of the drug had worn off.
The effect was quite different from what was intended.
The egg is a universal symbol of life and rebirth.
The eggplants looked so beautiful that I couldn't help but buy one.
The Eiffel Tower is in the same city as the Louvre Museum.
The Eiffel Tower is taller than Tour Montparnasse.
The elderly man takes strong drugs for his heart.
The electricity went out, but it's back on now.
The elevator seems to be out of order.
The elevators in this building are often out of order.
The employees need to keep their hair short.
The employees were intrigued by the odd behavior of their boss.
The end does not always justify the means.
The enemy dropped many bombs on the factory.
The enemy is becoming more and more powerful.
The enemy is just a stone's throw away.
The enemy kept up their attack all day.
The enemy troops closed in on the city.
The engine didn't start because it needed a new spark plug.
The engineer knew every minute detail about the new model.
The engineer told us how to use the machine.
The English class system is known for its snobbery.
The entire family lives there in a messy apartment.
The entire sales staff has worked around the clock for a week.
The entrance is on the other side of the building.
The equator divides the earth into two hemispheres.
The equator divides the globe into two hemispheres.
The escaped prisoners are still on the run.
The European currencies have weakened against the dollar.
The European Union has eliminated the death penalty.
The evening meal is served between 9 and 12.
The event is still fresh in our memory.
The examples in this dictionary are easy to understand.
The exchange rate of the dollar versus the euro has declined.
The exchange rates are posted daily outside the cashier's office.
The exhibition offers profound insights into ancient civilization.
The expansion of the Roman empire wiped out a great number of the original European languages.
The expedition has postponed its departure to the Antarctic.
The experience gave him an advantage over the others.
The explanation of each fact took a long time.
The explorers cut their way through the forest.
The explorers discovered a skeleton in the cave.
The explorers made their way through the jungle.
The explosion was so powerful that the roof was blown away.
The F1 champion Michael Schumacher sustained a serious head injury.
The fact is that he didn't even take the exam.
The fact is that I have no money with me.
The fact that he did not accept any money shows that he is an honest man.
The fact that I lost my temper made matters still worse.
The fact that I said nothing made him angry.
The fact that I'm here proves that I'm innocent.
The fact that they came here is undeniable.
The fact was of interest to the scientists.
The factories are producing on a large scale.
The factory decided to do away with the old machinery.
The factory has been lying idle for a year.
The factory is producing a new type of car.
The fall from the ledge shattered his leg.
The falling of the Berlin Wall was truly a momentous occasion.
The family assimilated quickly into their new environment.
The family had a hard time after the war.
The family had been sleeping for about two hours when the fire broke out.
The family is eating breakfast on the balcony.
The family is the basic unit of society.
The family is the most basic unit of society.
The family seemed to be under a curse.
The family underwent a remarkable rise in status in only two generations.
The fan in my computer is very loud.
The fans sought to shake the actress's hand.
The farmer caught the boy stealing the apples in his orchard.
The farmer dug a hole so he could plant a tree.
The farmers must be pleased to hear that.
The faster we rub our hands together, the warmer they get.
The fastest way to travel is by plane.
The fat man jumped over the ditch and fell to the ground.
The fate of the hostages depends on the result of the negotiation.
The federal budget was narrowly approved by Congress.
The fence was caught with the stolen goods.
The fence was not high enough to keep the wolves out.
The fence will be painted by Tom tomorrow.
The fight began with the rapid exchange of blows.
The film had a great beginning, but the ending wasn't believable.
The film I told you about has been released.
The film was inspired by the novel of the same title.
The fire brigade was on the scene within five minutes of receiving the call.
The fire broke out after the staff went home.
The fire reduced the whole village to ashes.
The fire station is next to the police station.
The fire that broke out last night was judged to be caused by arson.
The fire was so intense that the firemen couldn't get into the house.
The fire, driven by an east wind, destroyed the center of the city.
The firefighters are trying to put out the flames.
The fireman chopped his way through the door.
The fireman's face was grim when he came out of the burning house.
The firemen broke down the door with an ax.
The firm went under due to lack of capital.
The first atomic bomb was dropped on Japan.
The first casualty of every war is the truth.
The first edition was published ten years ago.
The first generation of robots appeared in 1962.
The first group studies in the morning, and the second group studies in the afternoon.
The first issue that we have to confront is violent extremism in all of its forms.
The first step in mastering your emotions is mastering the skill of interoception.
The first step is to apply for admission.
The first thing you have to do is take a bath.
The first thing you have to take into consideration is time.
The first thing you'll usually want to do is check the oil level.
The first time I held my girlfriend's hand was in the haunted house.
The first time, she wasn't very firm with him.
The first word of an English sentence should be capitalized.
The fish he caught yesterday is still alive.
The fishermen are hoping for a big catch.
The five of us stood in a circle holding hands.
The flame flickered for a moment, then died out.
The flight attendant gave each passenger a drink and a snack.
The flimsy stalls in this restroom offer very little privacy.
The flood prevented me from crossing the river.
The floor is covered with a thick carpet.
The floorboards creak a bit when you walk across them.
The flowers are beginning to grow and everything is becoming green.
The flowers don't look well. I'd like to water them. Is there a watering can?
The flowers in the garden are very beautiful.
The flu and the common cold are very contagious.
The fluctuation in prices caused a financial crisis.
The flutes and violins are playing in unison.
The fog began to disappear around ten o'clock.
The fog soon blurred out the figure of a man walking in front of him.
The fog was so dense, we could hardly see anything.
The fog was so thick that I couldn't see where I was going.
The following images are not for the faint of heart.
The following morning, the snowman was completely melted.
The following was inspired in part by a true story.
The following year, Portugal granted independence to all of its African colonies.
The following year, the First World War broke out.
The food at that restaurant is too greasy for me.
The food bank is staffed entirely by volunteers.
The food in my country is not very different from that of Spain.
The food in this hotel is very good.
The food in this restaurant is very expensive.
The food is very good in the dormitory where he lives.
The food supplies will not hold out till then.
The food was not fit for man or beast.
The food was so good that I ate too much.
The footpath winds its way across open fields.
The foreman docked me an hour's pay for getting to work late.
The forensic technician found gunshot residue on the victim's hand.
The forest was so thick that one could hardly walk through it.
The frail old man stubbornly refused to make use of a wheelchair.
The frame has to be sanded and varnished.
The frame of the building is now complete.
The frame of the house should be finished in a day or two.
The freight train was held up about half an hour because of a dense fog.
The French flag is blue, white, and red.
The French teacher was stumped by her student's question.
The frescoes of the cathedral are very interesting.
The friend who I thought would pass the exam failed it.
The frost did a lot of damage to the crops.
The fruit is similar to an orange in shape and to a pineapple in taste.
The fuel tank in the car is full.
The fugitive made a run for the border.
The function of the heart is to pump blood.
The funeral parlor is next to the cemetery.
The furniture in this office is really modern.
The gallows were already standing on the square.
The gambler lost a good deal of money.
The game was called off because of the rain.
The game was called off on account of the rain.
The game will be held even if it rains.
The game will be held rain or shine.
The game will be played even if it rains.
The game will be played rain or shine.
The game would not have been called off if it hadn't rained so heavily.
The gang bungled the robbery and got caught.
The gap between the rich and the poor is widening.
The garbage collector comes three times a week.
The garbage truck comes three times a week.
The garden can't be seen from the outside.
The garden is in front of the house.
The garden is separated from the road by a fence.
The garden was surrounded by a wooden fence.
The gardener planted a rose tree in the middle of the garden.
The gate is too narrow for the car.
The GDP of China still pales in comparison with that of the US.
The general decided to launch an offensive against the enemy camp.
The general ordered the deployment of two battalions.
The geyser sends up a column of hot water every two hours.
The girl and her parents were very sympathetic.
The girl closed her eyes and listened to the pastor.
The girl got distracted and lost sight of her parents.
The girl had a large red hat on.
The girl had a long scarf around her neck.
The girl had grown up without any money and when she married she became a spendthrift.
The girl in the picture is wearing a crown not of gold but of flowers.
The girl kindly told me the way to the museum.
The girl lifted the heavy box with one hand.
The girl made off with her employer's money.
The girl released the birds from the cage.
The girl running over there is my sister.
The girl said that she had never heard of such a person.
The girl singing over there is my sister.
The girl tried hard to hold back her tears.
The girl wanted to tell him the truth, but she couldn't.
The girl was afraid of her own shadow.
The girl was afraid to jump down from the roof.
The girl was busy making tea for her friend.
The girl was carrying several books, not textbooks but thick hardback books.
The girl was sobbing in the corner of the schoolroom.
The girl was visibly shaken after the accident.
The girl wearing the blue coat is my daughter.
The girl went into the forest to look for mushrooms.
The girl went to school in spite of her illness.
The girl who lives next door is very pretty.
The girl who works at that bakery is cute.
The girl who works at the bakery is cute.
The girl who works at the bakery is pretty.
The girl wore a yellow ribbon in her hair.
The girls are going to be late this evening.
The girls weren't afraid, but the boys were.
The Golden Gate Bridge is made of iron.
The good harvest brought down the price of rice.
The good news is that you don't have cancer.
The good thing about this electronic dictionary is that it's easy to carry.
The good things in life don't last long.
The goods will be delivered free of charge.
The government appointed a committee to investigate the accident.
The government clamped down on the minority group.
The government collapsed after a vote in parliament.
The government compensated the farmers for the damage to the crops.
The government explicitly declared its intention to lower taxes.
The government has been reconsidering its firearms exportation.
The government has imposed a new tax on wine.
The government has taken measures to promote domestic industry.
The government is expelling illegal aliens as part of a crackdown.
The government is not doing its best to solve the housing problem.
The government is promoting the use of domestically made products.
The government is reluctant to alter its economic policy.
The government is trying to bring things back to normal.
The government is trying to get rid of pollution.
The government isn't doing its best to solve the housing problem.
The government made no move to solve the housing problem.
The government should do away with these regulations.
The government should invest more money in agriculture.
The government should invest more money in industry.
The government was obliged to make changes in its foreign policy.
The government watched the activities of radical groups carefully.
The government will provide interest-free loans to firms that participate in the program.
The governor cut the tape and opened the new bridge.
The governor took the money out of a slush fund.
The governor was surprised by the commission's response.
The Grand Canyon is a well-known tourist destination.
The grand jury decided not to indict the police officer.
The grand prize is a kiss from the princess.
The grass always seems greener on the other side.
The grass is always greener on the other side.
The Greeks, too, eat a lot of fish.
The green lampshade casts a warm glow in the room.
The grenade blew up before the terrorist could throw it, and his arm was blown off!
The groom left the bride standing at the altar.
The ground beef was found to contain horse meat.
The ground was covered with frost this morning.
The ground was waterlogged after several days of rain.
The group put up posters to remind people that noise is harmful.
The group was made up of six girls and four guys.
The group was made up of teachers and students.
The guards found a hacksaw blade in the prisoner's pocket.
The guitar is so expensive that I can't afford it.
The gust of wind ripped a large number of tiles off the roof.
The guy had a suitcase covered in stickers from all over the world.
The guy I lent my umbrella to didn't return it.
The guy we met yesterday in the park was Tom.
The guy who hit you is at the front door.
The hailstones were as big as tennis balls.
The handle of this pan is easy to hold.
The hard rain spoiled our hike through the woods.
The hardest thing in life is knowing which bridges to cross and which bridges to burn.
The heart itself is nothing more nor less than a large, tough, leather-like muscle.
The heat is on the administration to come up with a new policy.
The heat of the furnace warmed the whole house.
The heat turns off automatically when the room reaches a certain temperature.
The heat was so intense that I fainted.
The heavy fog made it impossible for us to see anything in front of us.
The heavy rain prevented us from going fishing.
The heavy snow made them put off their departure.
The heavy snow prevented us from going to the concert.
The Hermitage Museum is located in Saint Petersburg.
The hero died at the end of the book.
The high command decided to attack at dawn.
The high court decided to try the fugitive warlord in abstentia.
The higher he rose in social rank, the more modest he became.
The higher we climbed, the colder it got.
The higher we go up, the thinner the air becomes.
The higher you go, the lower the temperature.
The hijacker demanded a ransom of two million dollars.
The hiker has reached the top of the mountain.
The hikers were all but frozen when they were found.
The hinges are really squeaky. Could you oil them please?
The hippopotamus was far too heavy for him to lift.
The history of China is older than that of Japan.
The hockey referee intervened to stop the fight.
The holiday allowed me to take a breather.
The holidays came to an end at last.
The Holy Roman Empire came to an end in the year 1806.
The home team always have an advantage over their opponents.
The horse chafed at the bit put in its mouth.
The horse is very docile and is ideal for beginner riders.
The hospital food wasn't as bad as I expected it to be.
The hotel I'm staying at is near the station.
The hotel was designed by a Japanese architect.
The hotel we stayed at last summer is near the lake.
The hounds are in pursuit of the fox.
The hounds flushed the fox out of its hiding place.
The hour-long concert at the Kennedy Center was broadcast live on TV last night.
The house burned to the ground before the fire truck arrived.
The house did not suffer much damage because the fire was quickly put out.
The house had a stone wall around it.
The house is falling apart before our eyes.
The house is going to feel empty without you.
The house is not ideal, but it's all right.
The house is on top of the hill.
The house is opposite the church. You can't miss it.
The house is situated on the top of the hill.
The house is too big for us, and what is more, it is too expensive.
The house is too small for five people to live in.
The house isn't ideal, but it's all right.
The house needs a new coat of paint.
The house standing on the hill is very old.
The house that Tom built is really nice.
The house was carried away by the flood.
The house was full of colorful art objects.
The house was more expensive than I had expected.
The house where I live belongs to my parents.
The house with a red roof is my uncle's house.
The house with the green roof is mine.
The housing situation shows no hope of improvement.
The huge tanker has just left the dock.
The human body is composed of billions of small cells.
The hungry cat kept meowing outside the window.
The hungry children ate everything on the table.
The hunter aimed a shotgun at the flock of birds.
The hunter aimed at the bird, but missed.
The hunter was alert to every sound and movement.
The hunting dogs followed the scent of the fox.
The hurricane has already caused havoc in the Caribbean.
The hypnotist was able to put his subject into a trance.
The ice is too thin to bear your weight.
The ice is too thin to skate on.
The ice isn't thick enough to hold our weight.
The ice melted into a puddle of water.
The ice on the lake couldn't bear his weight.
The ice on the lake is too thin to bear your weight.
The ice was thick enough for me to walk on.
The ice was thick enough to walk on.
The idea of surprising her suddenly crossed my mind.
The impact of science on society is great.
The important point to note is that both parties offered similar solutions to this problem.
The increase in juvenile delinquency is a serious problem.
The Indians were not happy with this agreement.
The industrial production of livestock is the leading contributor to greenhouse gases.
The Industrial Revolution took place first in England.
The industry is heavily dependent on government funding.
The influence of TV on society is great.
The information you gave me is of little use.
The ingredients for this recipe are a little expensive.
The inhabitants of the city depend upon the river for drinking water.
The initial symptoms of the disease are fever and sore throat.
The inspector arrived at the school late on Monday morning.
The instant he opened the door, he smelt something burning.
The instrument panel has a very ergonomic layout.
The interior of the house was very attractive.
The international space station is an amazing feat of engineering.
The Internet is an invaluable source of information.
The Internet is now something we can't live without.
The intersection where the accident happened is near here.
The introduction of foreign plants and animals can cause severe damage to ecosystems.
The introduction of the new tax is expected to affect the entire economy.
The invention of the telephone made it possible to communicate with people far away.
The invention of the transistor marked a new era.
The investigation concluded that the police officer had done nothing wrong.
The investment advice we used to give just doesn't apply anymore.
The investment firm tricked customers into buying worthless stock.
The island is about two miles off the coast.
The island is covered with ice and snow during the winter.
The island is easy to reach by boat.
The island was enveloped in a thick fog.
The Jacksons have three dogs and three cats.
The Japan Sea separates Japan from the Asian Continent.
The Japanese art of flower arrangement is called ikebana.
The Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941.
The Japanese eat rice at least once a day.
The Japanese economy grew by 4% last year.
The Japanese embassy has warned Japanese citizens to be careful.
The Japanese government can't cope with the problem.
The Japanese have a lot in common with the Chinese.
The Japanese take off their shoes when entering a house.
The Japanese take off their shoes when they enter a house.
The job applicant did not meet the expectations of the employer.
The job comes with a lot of fringe benefits.
The job earns him half a million yen every month.
The job is not suitable for young girls.
The job looked quite simple, but it took me a week.
The job must be finished by 3 p.m.
The job of a driver is harder than it looks.
The job of a driver is not as easy as it looks.
The judge handed down a sentence of five years hard labor.
The juggler wowed the crowd by keeping ten oranges up in the air.
The jury found that Samsung had infringed upon Apple's patents.
The jury found the man guilty of murder.
The kid has a keen sense of hearing.
The kid is a pain in the neck.
The kid stumbled and fell to his knees.
The kids are picking flowers in the garden.
The kids like to roughhouse with each other.
The kids made a beeline for the TV.
The kids were pushing and shoving each other.
The kids will be happy to see you.
The kind of information that we need isn't always available.
The kind of information we need isn't always available.
The kindergarten children were walking hand in hand in the park.
The kinds of storms we get here normally don't cause much damage.
The king and his family live in the royal palace.
The king had a long and prosperous reign.
The king had great difficulty giving speeches because of a severe speech impediment.
The king imposed heavy taxes on the people.
The king reigned over his people for forty years.
The king would not even read the message.
The king's throne was made out of solid gold.
The kitchen knife wasn't sharp enough to cut the meat, so I used my pocket knife.
The kitchen sink was full of dirty dishes.
The kitchen table was bare except for a bowl of fruit.
The kitten lapped up the milk I poured into the saucer.
The knife's serrated edge makes it perfect for cutting such things as bread.
The knight swore an oath of allegiance to the king.
The ladder was covered with dust and rust.
The lady that is speaking to that boy is his teacher.
The lake can be reached in half an hour by bus.
The lake is a long way from here.
The lake was frozen, so we walked across the ice.
The lake was frozen, so we were able to walk to the island.
The lamp was suspended from the branch of a tree.
The landlord says he wants to raise the rent.
The landlord told him to leave because he hadn't paid his rent.
The large audience clapped at the end of the song.
The last batch of cookies is still in the oven.
The last bus had already gone when I got to the bus stop.
The last day of the year is called New Year's Eve.
The last installment of this story will come out in the next issue.
The last part of the trip was across the desert.
The last thing I ate yesterday was an apple.
The last thing I want to do is cause you any more pain.
The last thing I want to do is cause you any problems.
The last thing I want to do is hurt you.
The last thing I want to do now is clean the bathroom.
The last three weeks have been really hard for me.
The last time I ate at that restaurant the food wasn't very good.
The last time I met Tom and Mary they didn't have any children.
The last time I saw Tom he was walking on crutches.
The last time I saw Tom was about a year ago.
The last time I saw Tom was in October.
The last time I saw Tom, he was on a stretcher.
The last time I went to the beach, I got badly sunburned.
The last time our family got together was three Christmases ago.
The last time that happened I didn't know what to do.
The last time Tom talked to me was the day before yesterday.
The last time we ate dinner together, you would only eat vegetables.
The last time when I saw him, he was quite well.
The last two lines of the document are mostly illegible.
The latest issue of the magazine will come out next Monday.
The laundry that I hung up was on the clothesline for three days.
The lava flow destroyed everything in its path.
The law does not apply to this case.
The law will be effective from the 1st of April.
The lawyer asked the judge to make allowance for the age of the accused.
The lawyer has a lot of wealthy clients.
The lawyer seems to think it'll be an open and shut case.
The lawyer's job is to prove that her client is innocent.
The leader governed his country for more than 50 years.
The leader of the party is a famous scientist.
The leaders were out of touch with the people.
The least you can do is to say thank you.
The leaves are taking on a golden yellow hue.
The leaves began to turn red and yellow.
The leaves of the trees began to turn red.
The leaves of the trees have turned red.
The leaves of the trees in the garden have turned completely red.
The leaves on the tree have turned red.
The leaves on the trees have begun to change colors.
The leaves on the trees have turned red.
The length of our stay there will be one week.
The length of this ship is 30 meters.
The letter is being written at this very minute.
The letter Tom received said that he should return home as soon as possible.
The letter was signed with only an X.
The letter will arrive in a week or so.
The letters Tom wrote to Mary were returned unopened.
The level of the river rose little by little.
The librarian said we needed to be quiet.
The library will be closing in ten minutes.
The library will issue you a library card.
The life span of a butterfly is short.
The lifespan of a butterfly is three days.
The light is changing from red to green.
The likelihood of being attacked by a shark is very low.
The line is busy now. Please hold the line.
The lion began to roar as we approached.
The lion is often used as a symbol of courage.
The lion is the king of the beasts.
The lion is the king of the jungle.
The lion opened its huge mouth and roared.
The little boy is afraid of the dark.
The little boy was asleep in his bed.
The little girl played an angel in the Christmas play.
The little girl screamed at the top of her lungs.
The little girl stuck out her tongue at him.
The little girl, deeply moved by the old man's pitiful story, burst into tears.
The living room furniture was modern in style.
The living room in my new house is very large.
The local boys got into a fight with a rival group from a neighboring town.
The local coffee shop was replaced by a Starbucks.
The local newspaper is endorsing the conservative candidate.
The local population earns income from fishing, raising livestock, and sales of handicrafts.
The locals around here really live at a relaxed pace.
The lock on my drawer had been tampered with and some of my papers were missing.
The locomotive was pulling a long line of freight cars.
The loneliness and drabness of working away from people are fatal to his best effort.
The long discussion came to an end at last.
The long war came to an end at last.
The longer I listen to her, the less I like her.
The longer we wait before trying to correct the problem, the worse it's going to get.
The loss adds up to more than one million dollars.
The lost boy was identified by his clothes.
The lost child was found after two days.
The lovers fell into each other's arms every chance they got.
The lower your self-esteem, the more you tend to focus on negative things.
The lunar month is shorter than the calendar month.
The machine was too complicated for us to find out the cause of the trouble.
The mafia boss was killed in a hail of machine gun fire.
The magician asked for a volunteer from the audience.
The mail train lost most of its mail in the fire.
The main character dies at the end of the book.
The main idea in his speech was unity.
The majority of big banks are introducing this system.
The majority of his income goes to pay his rent.
The majority of Japanese temples are made out of wood.
The majority of large Japanese companies depend on exports.
The majority of those men worked in the mine.
The man aimed a gun at the policeman.
The man at the door didn't tell me his name.
The man caught the girl by the wrist.
The man confessed that he had robbed the old woman.
The man controlled the country for fifty years.
The man couldn't so much as write his own name.
The man decided to wait at the station until his wife came.
The man did not so much as apologize for stepping on my foot.
The man driving the bus is a good friend of mine.
The man drove his car at a uniform speed.
The man held on to his job stubbornly and would not retire.
The man in charge of the merry-go-round decided to make sure everything was working properly.
The man injured in the accident was taken to the hospital.
The man left the restaurant without paying his bill.
The man lit a cigarette with a lighter.
The man lost no time in reading his paper.
The man never told the police what his destination was.
The man on the bench was obviously dead.
The man put the gun against his forehead and squeezed the trigger.
The man reading a paper over there is my uncle.
The man robbed him of all his money.
The man sitting next to me spoke to me.
The man sitting over there is a famous singer.
The man sold his soul to the devil.
The man speaks English with a German accent.
The man standing over there is the owner of the store.
The man took the boy by the hand.
The man turned out to be a private detective.
The man was ashamed of being born poor.
The man was handed over to the police.
The man was hiding in a dense forest.
The man was obsessed with fear that the secret might be disclosed.
The man who came to visit you didn't say who he was.
The man who I thought was my friend deceived me.
The man who is constantly making decisions and being compelled to alter them gets nowhere.
The man who is standing over there is my father.
The man who is waving to me is my uncle.
The man who lives next door to me is a doctor.
The man who wrote this book is a doctor.
The man wore a gun on his hip.
The man you met at the station is my father.
The man you saw in my office yesterday is from Belgium.
The man you saw yesterday was my uncle.
The man you see over there is a famous writer.
The man you see over there is my uncle.
The manufacturer guaranteed the new machine for 5 years.
The map says we're no more than two kilometers from the treasure.
The marathon will be held, rain or shine.
The marauders laid waste to the town and surrounding villages.
The market for luxury goods is growing fast.
The match was cancelled due to the heavy rain.
The math homework proved to be easier than I had expected.
The matter will be brought up at the next meeting.
The mayor didn't like what the journalists wrote.
The mayor presented him with the key to the city.
The mayor provided me with an identity card.
The mayor thought that he should investigate the decline in tax revenues.
The meaning of a word is determined by the context where it is used.
The meat was giving off a terrible smell.
The mechanic fixed my car without charging me a dime.
The media blew the whole thing out of proportion.
The medical examiner reported that the cause of death was a homicide.
The Medieval Era gave way to the Renaissance.
The meeting is to be held next week.
The meeting room is occupied at the moment.
The meeting started with some general chit-chat to break the ice.
The meeting was canceled because of the rain.
The meeting was canceled because of the typhoon.
The meeting wasn't as boring as I thought it would be.
The meeting will be held next week at the earliest.
The meeting will have finished by the time we get there.
The meeting will take place no matter what the weather is like.
The meeting, in short, was a waste of time.
The members of the committee are all men.
The men were working with picks and shovels.
The men's room is on the second floor.
The men's toilet is on the first floor.
The mere sight of a dog frightens him.
The mere sight of a mosquito makes her sick.
The mere sight of a snake makes her sick.
The mere sight of the doctor made my cousin afraid.
The mere thought of it is enough to make me happy.
The methodology used in his study is also helpful to us in conducting our research.
The military engaged the enemy five kilometers south of the capital.
The military has a very strict chain of command.
The military quashed the revolt within a matter of hours.
The Milky Way consists of about a hundred billion stars.
The minister appointed one of his cronies to a key position.
The minute I entered the room, they stopped talking.
The mirror is on top of the dresser.
The missing cat has not been found yet.
The Mississippi River flows into the Gulf of Mexico.
The Mitsubishi Bank merged with the Bank of Tokyo.
The moment he caught sight of me, he ran away.
The moment he saw me he ran away.
The moment I held the baby in my arms, it began to cry.
The moment I walked into the room, I knew something was wrong.
The moment she heard the news of her son's death, she burst into tears.
The moment she was alone, she opened the letter.
The Mona Lisa was painted by Leonardo da Vinci.
The money has been put to good use.
The money I have now falls short of what I need.
The money on the desk is not mine.
The money should be distributed to those in need.
The money we offered them was obviously not enough.
The money you give them will be put to good use.
The month before Christmas is a very busy time of year for stores.
The monthly staff meeting is never held on Monday.
The moon came out from behind the cloud.
The moon came out from behind the clouds.
The moon was the only source of light.
The moral of the story is that you can't trust the system.
The more books you read, the more you'll know.
The more chocolate you eat, the fatter you'll get.
The more foolish a child is, the cuter he seems to his parents.
The more guests there are, the more difficult it is to keep a surprise party secret.
The more I get, the more I want.
The more I know him, the more I like him.
The more I listen to her, the less I like her.
The more I sleep, the less I feel like working.
The more I think about it, the less I like it.
The more I think about it, the less I understand it.
The more I think of it, the less I like it.
The more I thought about the problem, the more difficult it seemed.
The more information you give me, the better the advice I can provide you.
The more money we have, the more we want.
The more she talked, the more bored I got.
The more she thought about it, the less she liked it.
The more stubborn you are, the more isolated you become.
The more unique each person is, the more he contributes to the wisdom of others.
The more we have, the more we want.
The more we learn, the better we realize our ignorance.
The more we learn, the more we know.
The more we learn, the more we realize how little we know.
The more worthless the plant, the more rapid and splendid is its growth.
The more you do now, the less you'll have to do tomorrow.
The more you earn, the more you spend.
The more you explain it, the more I don't understand it.
The more you have, the more you have to lose.
The more you have, the more you want.
The more you learn, the more you want to.
The more you look, the more you will see, and the more interesting they will become.
The more you play, the better you'll get.
The more you study, the more you discover your ignorance.
The more you study, the more you know.
The more you work, the more you earn.
The Mormons have outlawed polygamy, but some adherents still practice it.
The mosque was torched in the middle of the night.
The most beloved people in the world are the spontaneous.
The most common name in the world is Mohammed.
The most essential thing in the world to any individual is to understand himself.
The most important thing in the Olympic Games is not winning but taking part.
The most important thing in the Olympics is not to win but to participate.
The most important thing is the ability to think for yourself.
The most important thing to do now is for us to remain calm.
The most incredible thing about miracles is that they happen.
The most precious resource we have is time.
The most severe problem at present is that of over-population.
The most valuable skill one can acquire is the ability to think for oneself.
The mother hugged the child to her bosom.
The mother of that child is an announcer.
The mother was reluctant to leave her children alone.
The motive for the murder is not yet known.
The motive for the murder isn't yet known.
The mountain climbers reached the summit before dark.
The mountain path was under a blanket of leaves, soft and easy to walk on.
The mountains in the Himalayas are higher than those in the Andes.
The mouse was lured into the trap by a big piece of cheese.
The movie is now showing at a theater near you.
The movie is worth seeing at least two or three times.
The movie isn't as good as the book.
The movie Tom was watching wasn't in French.
The movie was more interesting than I expected.
The movie was so dull that the audience left one by one.
The movie was so sad that everybody cried.
The movie wasn't as funny as the book.
The movie wasn't as interesting as the book.
The movie we saw last night was filmed in Australia.
The murder happened between 3 a.m. and 5 a.m.
The murmur of the brook lulls me to sleep.
The museum has an exhibit of ancient weapons.
The museum is open from Monday to Friday.
The music carried me back to my childhood.
The mutineer was made to walk the plank.
The mystery of her death was never solved.
The mystery surrounding his death was played up by the media.
The names of the students who failed in the examination were posted on the bulletin board.
The nation mourned the death of the king.
The national debt has trebled in the last ten years.
The native people were forced off their land.
The natives have to defend their land against invaders.
The natives of the North-West Pacific Coast of America were probably descendants of tribes from Asia.
The natives saw an airplane then for the first time.
The necklace is cheap at a hundred dollars.
The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few.
The negotiations are at a very delicate stage.
The negotiations reached a stalemate after hours of talks.
The neighbor asked us to turn the music down.
The neighbors' son won the spelling bee at school.
The neighbors will call the police if you don't turn the music down.
The Netherlands is famous for its windmills, tulips, wooden clogs and canals.
The new birth policy is aimed at achieving zero population growth.
The new boss has whipped the company into shape.
The new boss runs a really tight ship.
The new bridge will have been completed by March.
The new CEO opened up a lot of avenues for partnerships.
The new computer is ten times as fast as the old one.
The new engine must undergo all the necessary tests.
The new fur coats were displayed in the window.
The new highway shaves almost an hour off my commute time.
The new house didn't live up to expectations.
The new law has deprived the citizens of their liberty.
The new law is expected to cut air pollution by 60%.
The new model is expected to be put on the market early next year.
The new model will be priced at $12,000.
The new model will retail for 30,000 yen.
The new president was a warm and friendly man.
The new road will benefit the people living in the hills.
The new server should have much better performance.
The new students entered the hall full of hope.
The new tax law is full of loopholes.
The new tunnel is twice as long as the old one.
The new tunnel will link Great Britain and France.
The newborn chicks still have not opened their eyes.
The newly married couple walked hand in hand.
The news is too good to be true.
The news of her sudden death came like a bolt from the blue.
The news of the mayor's resignation traveled fast.
The news put an end to our hopes.
The news soon spread all over the village.
The news that he was still alive reached us.
The newspaper began to lose readers when it dispensed with one of its most popular writers.
The newspaper is on the table next to the window.
The next day, at suppertime, I was introduced to her husband.
The next meeting will be on the tenth of June.
The next morning, the snowman had completely melted.
The next station is where you get off.
The next step was to sign the document.
The next time you go to the supermarket, buy some toilet paper.
The next two years were busy ones for Jackson.
The Nile is the largest river in Africa.
The Nile is the longest river in the world.
The Nile River is the longest in the world.
The noise is going to wake the baby.
The noise was so loud that it was a nuisance to the neighbors.
The noonday sun beat down with dazzling brightness on the tennis court.
The northernmost part of the city is a maze of alleys.
The notes are at the bottom of the page.
The Nozomi is the fastest of all the trains in Japan.
The number is 932-8647, but I don't know the area code.
The number of boys in our class is thirty.
The number of cases of whooping cough is on the rise in the last years.
The number of employees doubled in ten years.
The number of fish caught in this river was very small.
The number of fish in the ocean is steadily declining.
The number of people suffering from heart disease has increased.
The number of people suffering from heart disease is on the rise.
The number of people who go abroad has been increasing.
The number of students going overseas is growing.
The number of students in the class is limited to fifteen.
The number of students in this class is limited to 15.
The number of students in this class is limited to fifteen.
The number of traffic accidents seems to be on the increase.
The number you have called is not in service.
The number you have called isn't in service.
The nurse cared for the patient very tenderly.
The nurse tied a rubber tube around my arm before he drew blood.
The nurse took his temperature with a thermometer.
The nurse will check your arm within 2 days to see if there is a reaction.
The nurse will tell you how to do it.
The nursery was full of babies, all crying.
The odor of dirty socks makes me gag.
The offer is too good to be turned down.
The offer is too good to turn down.
The office where my father works is near the station.
The officer inspired his men to be brave.
The officer ordered the soldiers to attack the fortified position.
The official could not deal with the complaint himself.
The official dinner took place at the White House.
The old are not always wiser than the young.
The old bridge is in danger of collapse.
The old castle is in a sad state.
The old church by the lake is very beautiful.
The old church on the hill dates back to the twelfth century.
The old cottage has a certain charm about it.
The old couple gave him up for lost.
The old don't always know more than the young.
The old fellow is as healthy and as strong as an oak.
The old houses were torn down to make room for a supermarket.
The old iron pipe was full of rust.
The old lady climbed the stairs with difficulty.
The old lady has been rather feeble since her illness.
The old lady lived in a three-room apartment by herself.
The old lady met a lovely young girl in the park.
The old lady was kind enough to show me the way to the station.
The old man contributed a large sum of money to the poor.
The old man freed the little fox from the trap.
The old man gave her a small doll.
The old man had a long gray beard.
The old man has lived here all his life.
The old man in front of us is ninety-two years old.
The old man is always accompanied by his grandson.
The old man is blind in one eye.
The old man lost the will to live.
The old man narrowly escaped being run over by a car.
The old man served the king for many years.
The old man spent most of his time looking back on his youth.
The old man stopped suddenly and looked back.
The old man tripped over his own feet.
The old man wanders from town to town peddling his wares.
The old man was accompanied by his grandchild.
The old man was almost hit by a car.
The old man was run over and immediately taken to hospital.
The old man was sitting with his arms folded.
The old method proved to be best after all.
The old shack seems to have weathered the storm pretty well.
The old woman climbed the stairs with difficulty.
The old woman got hurt when she fell.
The older guests must always be served first, and then the younger ones.
The older he grew, the more modest he became.
The older one grows, the weaker one's memory becomes.
The older we become, the worse our memory gets.
The older we get, the weaker our memory becomes.
The older we grow, the less innocent we become.
The older we grow, the less we dream.
The older we grow, the more forgetful we become.
The older we grow, the poorer our memory becomes.
The older you are, the more difficult it is to learn a language.
The oldest movie theater in town is being pulled down now.
The Olympic Games are held every four years.
The one who said that is a liar.
The one who uses this toothbrush isn't my mother.
The only dessert I really like is ice cream.
The only difference between a bad cook and a poisoner is the intent.
The only fish Tom likes to eat is salmon.
The only golden rule is that he who has the gold makes the rules.
The only language that I can speak really well is French.
The only language Tom can speak is French.
The only one we have is this one here.
The only one who enjoys a crowded subway car is a pickpocket.
The only person who doesn't seem to understand is you.
The only person who hasn't paid is you.
The only reason Tom went to the party was that he expected Mary to be there.
The only thing I have now are memories.
The only thing I want to do right now is sleep.
The only thing that matters is that we are all together.
The only thing that matters is that you are alive.
The only thing that matters is that you are safe.
The only thing that matters is that you weren't injured.
The only thing that matters is whether or not you can do the job.
The only thing that really matters is whether or not you are happy.
The only thing that really matters is whether or not you did your best.
The only thing that really scares me is the thought of losing you.
The only thing that Tom drinks is coffee.
The only thing Tom ever does is complain.
The only thing we could do was to bear with it.
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
The only thing you need to do is go there.
The only time he feeds the dog is when his wife is away on a trip.
The only time my son talks to me is when he needs some money.
The only useful answers are those that raise new questions.
The only way to know if it fits is to try it on.
The opening ceremony of the Olympics has already begun.
The opening in this sweater is small and my head won't go through.
The opposite sides of a parallelogram are parallel.
The opposite sides of a rectangle are parallel.
The orange left a strange taste in my mouth.
The orchestra is drowning out the singer's voice.
The origin of the universe will probably never be explained.
The original was written as a school textbook.
The other boys teased him when he got his hair cut.
The other day I met an old friend on the street.
The other team has some really good players.
The outcome depends entirely on your own efforts.
The outcome of the upcoming election will be the hardest ever to predict.
The outdoor concert was canceled due to the storm.
The outside of the castle was painted white.
The outside of the house was very run down.
The oval office is in the White House.
The overall literacy rate is around 55%, and is significantly lower for women than for men.
The pain of having lost his family drove him to suicide.
The pain of losing a child is indescribable.
The pain of the compound fracture was almost unbearable.
The pain she suffered while being tortured was unimaginable.
The pain was more than he could stand.
The pain was so intense that I couldn't sleep.
The pain went away because I took the pills.
The painting is not worth the price you are asking.
The painting is the work of a Dutch master.
The painting looks great, but you hung it a little crooked.
The Panama Canal connects the Atlantic with the Pacific.
The pancreas produces enzymes as well as insulin.
The paper says that a typhoon is on its way.
The paper's editorial staff traditionally has had a conservative slant.
The parade was led by an army band.
The parents are playing a game with their children.
The park is in the center of the city.
The park is located in the center of the city.
The parking lot in front of the bank was completely full.
The parking lot in the back of the school is almost empty.
The part of an iceberg under the water is much larger than that above the water.
The party is to be held next Sunday, weather permitting.
The party was in full swing when he left.
The party was put off for a week.
The party will be held outdoors, weather permitting.
The path was already completely covered with snow.
The patient fainted at the sight of blood.
The patient is getting worse and worse day by day.
The patient will soon recover from his illness.
The patient's condition changes from day to day.
The patient's pulse and blood pressure are normal.
The pay is terrible and the hours are long.
The peak of the mountain is covered with snow.
The pebble I threw skipped along the surface of the water.
The peddler carried a big bundle on his back.
The pen I lost yesterday was a new one.
The pentagram is an important symbol in witchcraft.
The people he is living with in London are coming to see me.
The people here are accustomed to the cold.
The people I work with are all very kind.
The people I work with are very nice.
The people in the auditorium were pretty quiet.
The people in the room all know one another.
The people in the village fell ill one after another.
The people living here belong to the upper class.
The people protested against the low altitude flight training.
The people there made way for the fire engine.
The people will decide at the ballot box.
The person reading a book on the bench under the tree is Tom.
The person we're trying to catch is very dangerous.
The person who donated this money wishes to remain anonymous.
The petals floated on the surface of the water.
The pharmacist passed himself off as a doctor.
The pharyngeal part of the throat is behind the nose and mouth.
The phone call was a trick to get him out of the house.
The phone rang while I was taking a shower.
The phone's ringing, but no one's picking it up.
The photographs are the only proof we have.
The physicist was aware of the potential danger of nuclear fusion.
The physics laboratory has the best apparatus I've ever seen.
The picnic area is easily accessible by road.
The picnic was called off because of rain.
The picnic was called off because of the rain.
The picture brought back a lot of memories.
The picture of the tower was out of focus.
The pier took a real beating from the hurricane.
The pilot bailed out before the plane crashed.
The pilot explained to us why the landing was delayed.
The pilot hinted that it might be a UFO.
The pilot made an emergency landing in the desert.
The pin pierced his finger and it began to bleed.
The pirates buried their treasure in the ground.
The pirates had no choice but to surrender.
The place is worth visiting at least once.
The place was packed to the brim last night.
The place where he lives is far from town.
The plan calls for a lot of money.
The plan was kept under wraps until the last minute.
The plan will be brought into effect tomorrow.
The plane climbed to an altitude of 10,000 meters.
The plane had already taken off when I reached the airport.
The plane took off at exactly ten o'clock.
The plane was delayed for two hours on account of the bad weather.
The plane was delayed on account of bad weather.
The plane was grounded because of the fog.
The plane was late because of bad weather.
The plane was late due to bad weather.
The plane was on the point of taking off.
The plane will take off in one hour.
The plane's doors were already closed when Tom got to the gate.
The planet closest to the sun is Mercury.
The planet nearest to the sun is Mercury.
The plans are still up in the air.
The plans aren't set in stone and can be changed if absolutely necessary.
The plate slipped from her hand and crashed to the floor.
The platypus, a small amphibious Australian mammal, is a very shy animal.
The play lasts two and a half hours.
The play was based on a true story.
The play was so popular that the theater was almost full.
The players on this team are all giants.
The players were in high spirits after the game.
The plumber pumped the water out of the pipe.
The plumber used many tools to fix our sink.
The poet expressed his burning passion for the woman he loved.
The point is, why didn't you tell me?
The point of play is that it has no point.
The point of the pencil has become dull.
The police accused her of texting while driving.
The police approached the suspect with their guns drawn.
The police are certain to get him in the end wherever he may go.
The police are going to catch you eventually.
The police are going to catch you sooner or later.
The police are going to eventually catch you.
The police are here to talk to you.
The police are investigating the cause of the accident.
The police are investigating the cause of the crash.
The police are searching for an escaped prisoner.
The police arrested the pickpocket in the act.
The police asked Tom to wear a wire.
The police assembled a lot of evidence against him.
The police began a crackdown on illegal parking.
The police believe the victim knew his killer.
The police blamed the accident on the taxi driver.
The police compared the fingerprints on the gun with those on the door.
The police covered the body with a sheet.
The police demanded that the criminal hand over the gun to them.
The police dog found trace amounts of cocaine in his luggage.
The police executed a search warrant on my brother's apartment.
The police expect people to follow the law.
The police fished a dead body out of the river this morning.
The police followed up all their leads, but came up empty handed.
The police found a body washed up on the beach near here.
The police found a dead body in an abandoned car near the park.
The police found no signs of foul play in the apartment.
The police found the politician dead in his room.
The police found Tom's fingerprint on the trigger.
The police got an important piece of information from him.
The police got to the scene of the accident.
The police have been searching for the stolen goods for almost a month.
The police have few clues to go on in this case.
The police have hauled in a suspect for questioning.
The police have made hundreds of drug busts across the country.
The police have uncovered new evidence related to the case.
The police kept looking for a stolen article for about one month.
The police officer asked me what my name was.
The police officer fired a warning shot into the air.
The police officer put handcuffs on the suspect.
The police officer resolved the situation without resorting to violence.
The police officer tried to deescalate the situation.
The police ordered the suspect to drop his gun.
The police persuaded her not to jump off the bridge.
The police persuaded the criminal to surrender his weapon.
The police roped off the street near the spot.
The police said the search for Tom will continue.
The police say they know that you had an accomplice.
The police say they know you had an accomplice.
The police searched the house and seized 2 kilograms of heroin.
The police set out to solve the crime.
The police spokesman said no suspects were in custody.
The police started to look into the murder case.
The police stepped up their efforts to catch the rapist.
The police suspect that he robbed the bank.
The police suspect that Tom is a serial killer.
The police suspect Tom is a serial killer.
The police think that I killed my wife.
The police think that someone tampered with the brakes.
The police think the burglar entered through a basement window.
The police told me not to leave town.
The police told the demonstrators that they'd be arrested if they didn't move immediately.
The police took some pictures of the scene of the accident.
The police used a battering ram to break down the door.
The police went over every inch of this place.
The police were able to verify Tom's alibi.
The police were inquiring into the suspect's past.
The police will pursue her for a long time.
The police will release the victim's name after they have notified his next of kin.
The policeman aimed his gun at the man.
The policeman apprehended the murderer and handcuffed him.
The policeman blamed the taxi driver for the accident.
The policeman captured the man who was running.
The policeman caught the man by the arm.
The policeman said that it looked like a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head.
The policeman was confronted by the angry mob.
The policeman was off duty when he was shot to death.
The policeman wrested a gun from the murderer.
The policy of the government was criticized by the opposition party.
The politician tried to cover up the insider trading.
The politician was thought to be telling the truth.
The poor acoustics in the hall severely affected the audience's enjoyment of the concert.
The poor boy was knocked down by a car.
The poor child was born deaf and dumb.
The poor girl made a living by selling flowers.
The poor little girl did nothing but sob all day.
The poor old man became so thin that now he's just skin and bones.
The poor people were at the mercy of the cruel dictator.
The poor talker sometimes surprises us by being a good writer.
The poor young man finally became a great artist.
The popularity of a web site depends on its content.
The population of China is 8 times that of Japan.
The population of Germany is less than half that of the United States.
The population of Japan is larger than that of Britain.
The population of Japan is larger than that of New Zealand.
The population of Japan is much larger than that of Australia.
The population of London is much greater than that of any other British city.
The population of New York is smaller than that of Tokyo.
The population of Shanghai is as large as that of Tokyo.
The population of the city is about 100,000.
The population of the world will double before long.
The population of this city is decreasing every year.
The population of this city is on the increase.
The population of this country is gradually decreasing.
The population of Tokyo is about five times as large as that of our city.
The population of Tokyo is greater than that of London.
The post office is closed on Christmas day and mail will not be delivered.
The post office is just across from the bank.
The post office is just past the bank.
The post office is next to the bank.
The post office is not too far from here.
The post office isn't too far from here.
The postman was in a good mood this morning.
The potato is native to the highlands of Central and South America.
The potato was so hot that it burned my mouth.
The power cut out for about 15 minutes.
The power of his physique is evident to all who look at him.
The president called on the people to unite in fighting poverty and disease.
The president gave up the idea because it was not practical.
The president ignored the protesters outside his office.
The president is a down-to-earth kind of man.
The president is expected to put forward a new energy policy.
The president is flying into town by helicopter.
The president is fully aware of the situation.
The President is to speak on television this evening.
The President is usually accompanied by his wife when he goes abroad.
The president made a statement on the issue.
The President made an address to the nation.
The President of the United States is now in Japan.
The president of the university is likely to resign.
The President says we must beef up our military forces.
The President spoke to the nation on TV.
The President vetoed the law after Congress passed it.
The press can't ignore us forever. Sooner or later, they'll do a story about us.
The press is interested in his private life.
The prevention of forest fires is everyone's responsibility.
The previous owners of our house moved to Liverpool.
The previous tenant took excellent care of her apartment.
The previous tenants left the place in a mess.
The price is a little high for me.
The price is going to go up soon.
The price is low, but the quality isn't very good.
The price of almost everything is going through the roof.
The price of carrots is going to skyrocket this winter because of the drought.
The price of gold varies from day to day.
The price of oil is down this week.
The price of rice rose by more than three percent.
The price of these shoes has been reduced.
The price of this camera is very high.
The price of this car is very high.
The price of vegetables varies from day to day.
The price turned out to be lower than I thought.
The prices in this pastry shop are very high.
The priest blessed the congregation at the end of the mass.
The priest who speaks French will be here next week.
The priest's cassock billowed gently in the wind.
The primary cause of his failure is laziness.
The prime minister appoints the members of his cabinet.
The prime minister fell into the Danube and drowned.
The prime minister hinted at the possibility of an early election.
The prime minister spoke about the financial crisis at length.
The Prime Minister will hold a press conference tomorrow.
The Prime Minister's speech was calculated to anger the opposition parties.
The prince asked the little girl why she was crying.
The prince fell in love with a woodcutter's daughter.
The prince has set out on a long journey.
The prince was changed into a tree by magic.
The princess kissed the frog and he turned into a handsome prince.
The principal shook hands with each of the graduates.
The prisoner who escaped two days ago is still at large.
The privacy rules we used to follow just don't apply anymore.
The prize money enabled me to go on a world cruise.
The prize will go to the best student.
The problem is how to raise the funds.
The problem is in that we don't have enough money.
The problem is not what he said, but how he said it.
The problem is that it's too far away.
The problem is that our car will not be available on that day.
The problem is that solar energy is too expensive.
The problem is that solar energy just costs too much.
The problem is that we have no money.
The problem is we don't have enough money.
The problem is we don't have much time.
The problem is worse than we thought it was.
The problem was that I had nothing to say to him.
The problem with many things is the pre-conceived ideas we have about them!
The problem's being looked into as I speak.
The product is guaranteed to be free from defects.
The product is vacuum-sealed to keep it fresh.
The product of two negative numbers is positive.
The production of vegetables is growing in our area.
The professor gave a lecture on the Middle East.
The professor seemed to be lost in thought.
The professor treated her as one of his students.
The professor was unable to comprehend what I meant.
The professor's boring lecture put me to sleep.
The program could not be compiled, due to a syntax error.
The programmer is fixing a technical problem with the computer server.
The project took over three years to complete.
The proof of the pudding is in the eating.
The property was divided equally among the heirs.
The prosperity of a country depends upon its citizens.
The provisions ran out after a short time.
The psychologist asked me a whole battery of questions.
The public at large are dissatisfied with the present government.
The public bought it hook, line and sinker, didn't they?
The public is clamoring for more jobs and lower taxes.
The purpose of a conclusion is to sum up the main points of the essay.
The purpose of my visit is to persuade you to take a trip with me.
The purpose of our trip is to visit a new factory.
The quality of their products has gone down over the years.
The queen is going to address parliament next week.
The queen shook hands with each player after the game.
The question is are you willing to help.
The question is can Tom keep up with us.
The question is what are you doing here.
The question is what are you going to do.
The question is whether my parents will agree or not.
The question is whether my parents will agree.
The question is why did Tom do it.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
The quickest means of travel is by plane.
The radio is too loud. Can't you turn it down a little?
The radio is too loud. Please turn the volume down.
The radio is too loud. Turn the volume down.
The radio warned us of the coming earthquake and we started gathering our things.
The raft has drifted far off from the shore.
The railroad workers are going on strike tomorrow.
The rain didn't stop them from doing their job.
The rain has let up, so we can begin.
The rain made it impossible for us to go on the picnic.
The rain prevented us from finishing our game of tennis.
The rain stopped us from being able to play tennis outside.
The rain wasn't heavy enough to extinguish the fire.
The rain wasn't heavy enough to put out the fire.
The rainforests are disappearing at the rate of tens of thousands of hectares a day.
The rainy season begins towards the end of June.
The rat made a hole in the wall.
The rat took a nibble and scurried away.
The readers cannot ascertain whether the news is true or not.
The rear tire of my bicycle is flat.
The reason for your failure is that you did not try hard enough.
The reason I came to Boston is to meet the woman I hope to marry.
The reason I don't do it is because I don't feel like doing it.
The reason is that I want to be an English teacher.
The reason Tom didn't go with us was because he didn't have enough money.
The reason which he gave is hard to understand.
The reasons for our failure are as follows.
The rebels made a barricade across the road.
The recent coffee shortage brought about many problems.
The recent frequency of earthquakes makes us nervous.
The recent shortage of coffee has given rise to a lot of problems.
The receptionist at the hotel was surly and not at all friendly.
The receptionist forced me to sign my name on the paper.
The red and white flag fluttered in the wind.
The Red Cross distributed food to the refugees.
The Red Cross supplied the hospital with blood.
The red flag indicated the presence of danger.
The red hat goes well with her dress.
The red lines on the map represent railway lines.
The red lines on the map represent railways.
The region is relatively rich in mineral resources.
The regulation was abolished, but then it was reenacted.
The relationship between the two countries has waxed and waned over the years.
The removal of the load-bearing beam compromised the structure of the building.
The rent is really cheap, so I'm not complaining.
The repairs will cost at least 20 pounds.
The report is being prepared by the committee.
The report revealed that many teenagers are alcoholics.
The reporter took down everything that was said.
The reporters demanded to know why the mayor wouldn't talk to them.
The reports of my death are greatly exaggerated.
The rescue party searched for the missing passengers.
The rescue workers are going to hand out supplies to the victims of the earthquake.
The rescue workers arrived two hours too late.
The rescuers searched the surroundings in hopes of finding the child.
The research director had the department do a thorough job in testing the new product.
The resemblance between these two men is uncanny.
The resolution to the problem was close at hand.
The rest of the personnel were fired without notice.
The restaurant owner allowed her to take table scraps home to feed all of her dogs.
The restaurant was far from the train station.
The restaurant we went to wasn't as expensive as I expected it to be.
The restaurant we went to wasn't so expensive.
The restaurant where we ate yesterday was bad, but this restaurant is even worse.
The results for the English exam this time were very good.
The results of a lie detector test are inadmissible in court.
The results of the experiment were not as we had hoped.
The results of the survey will be announced in due course.
The returning soldiers were commended for their bravery in battle.
The rich are different from you and me.
The rich are getting richer and the poor are getting poorer.
The rich get richer and the poor get poorer.
The rich grow richer and the poor grow poorer.
The rich sometimes look down on the poor.
The richer he became, the more he wanted.
The rights of the individual are important in a free society.
The ring was not to be found anywhere.
The rise in house prices enabled him to sell his house at a big profit.
The river is shallow here. We can walk across.
The river swelled rapidly because of the heavy rain.
The river which flows through Paris is the Seine.
The rivers were flooded by the heavy rain.
The road is icy, so please be careful.
The road is straight for over ten miles.
The road turns a bit to the west.
The road up ahead is blocked by a landslide.
The road up and the road down is one and the same.
The road was closed on account of the flood.
The road which leads to the hotel is narrow.
The roads are impassable because of the heavy snow.
The roads are slippery, so please be careful.
The roads were very muddy since it had rained during the night.
The robber aimed his gun at the clerk.
The robber aimed his gun at the police officer.
The robber ran away when the policeman saw him.
The robot was so lifelike that it was creepy.
The rocket blew up a few seconds after launch.
The rocket is in orbit around the moon.
The rocket ought to have reached the moon by now.
The Roman Empire survived for a thousand years.
The roof collapsed under the weight of the snow.
The roof is really in need of repair.
The roof was torn off by the gale.
The room has been empty for a long time.
The room in which the exam was being held was very hot.
The room is too small to play in.
The room smelled like someone had been smoking.
The room was lit by a single candle.
The room was pitch black, so I couldn't see a thing.
The room was so dark that we had to feel our way to the door.
The room was so smoky that I could hardly breathe.
The rooms in this hotel are pretty basic.
The root of a flower is as weak as a baby's finger.
The rope broke when we were climbing the mountain.
The rose is called the queen of flowers.
The roses are in bloom in our garden.
The roses that you gave me are very beautiful.
The round table was covered by a checkered tablecloth.
The royal jewels are kept under lock and key.
The royal palace was built on a hill.
The Royal Shakespeare Company is presenting The Merchant of Venice next week.
The rugged terrain made the troops' advance difficult.
The rule does not apply in our case.
The rule does not apply to his case.
The ruling party is running a smear campaign against the opposition.
The rumor that they would get married spread at once.
The Sahara is the largest desert in the world.
The sailors were at the mercy of the weather.
The Sakurajima Volcano in Japan is one of the most active volcanoes in the world.
The salary of a teacher is lower than that of a lawyer.
The sale will be over in two days.
The salesclerk will come to help you right away.
The salesman demonstrated how to use the machine.
The same is true of all human beings.
The same thing could be said about many other people.
The samurai decapitated his opponent in one fell swoop.
The sand on the beach is very hot.
The sand was so hot that it burned our feet.
The satellite is in orbit around the moon.
The scarecrow in the backyard fell over during the hurricane.
The scenery of the Alps left a lasting impression on me.
The schedule dictates that this work be done by the weekend.
The school caretaker was a very tall man.
The school is closed because of the snow.
The school is farther away than the station.
The school is only a five-minute walk away.
The school rules require students to wear school uniforms.
The scientist is famous both at home and abroad.
The score is 9 to 2 in favor of our school.
The sea got rough, so that we had to give up fishing.
The sea is to fish what the sky is to birds.
The sea turtle laid its eggs on the beach.
The search for alien life is one of humankind's greatest technological challenges.
The second the mailman comes, he rushes out to pick up his mail.
The secret of life is hanging around until you get used to it.
The secret of success is not to think of failure.
The section chief seems to like abusing his authority.
The security guard made me open my briefcase.
The senator denied repeated requests for an interview.
The senator has a very demanding schedule this week.
The senator was censured by the congressional ethics committee.
The series of crimes were thought to have been committed by the same man.
The service agent helped me solve my problem.
The seventh day of the week is Saturday.
The severely injured man was dead on arrival at the hospital.
The shell of an egg is easily broken.
The shelves in the supermarket were almost bare.
The sheriff is waiting for you in his office.
The shimmer of the city lights was mesmerizing.
The Shinano is longer than any other river in Japan.
The ship arrived at the port on schedule.
The ship capsized in the middle of the ocean.
The ship from New York will arrive before long.
The ship sank with all her crew on board.
The ship was at the mercy of the waves.
The ship was searched thoroughly, but no illegal drugs were found.
The ship will arrive in San Francisco this evening.
The ship's captain ordered the radio operator to send a distress signal.
The shirt that I've just bought is very nice.
The shirt that Tom was wearing was ugly.
The shop is just in front of the station.
The shop on the corner sells fruit at a very good price.
The shop was closed when I went there.
The shopkeeper went out of her way to help us.
The short term contract employees were dismissed without notice.
The shortage of manpower poses a big problem for us.
The show was very interesting. You should have seen it.
The show's about a New Jersey mob boss who's in psychotherapy.
The shrine was built two hundred years ago.
The side of the house was covered with ivy.
The sight of the centipede on the wall was enough to make my skin crawl.
The sight of the money tempted him into stealing.
The situation at home is getting more unbearable every day.
The situation is a lot worse than we imagined.
The situation is getting worse and worse day by day.
The situation is getting worse by the day.
The situation is getting worse day by day.
The situation is much worse than we originally thought.
The situation will soon revert to the way things were before.
The size of a man's laundry bill is no criterion of his income.
The skin is the largest organ of the body.
The skis need to be kept exactly parallel.
The sky darkened, and it began to rain.
The sky got dark, and it started raining.
The sky grew darker and darker, and the wind blew harder and harder.
The sky is clear and full of stars.
The sky was clear when I left home.
The skyscraper was built on a solid foundation.
The slaughter of the prisoners was a barbarous act.
The slippery snake slithered right out of his hand.
The small airport near where I live has only one runway.
The small boy slowly made some new friends.
The smell of dirty socks makes me want to throw up.
The smell of macaroni and cheese makes me nauseous.
The smell of roses hung in the air.
The smell of the roses filled the whole room.
The sniper picked off his victims one by one.
The snow prevented the airplane from taking off.
The snow prevented us from arriving on time.
The snowplow cleared the snow from the street.
The soccer game will be played, even if it rains.
The Socialist Party only got 18% of the votes.
The soil will have to be plowed before we start planting.
The soldier aimed his gun at the man.
The soldier refused to fire his rifle at the enemy.
The soldier sacrificed himself to save his friend's life.
The soldiers' mission was to destroy the bridge.
The soldiers on the boats would be easy targets.
The soldiers stopped at every farm and village.
The soldiers thought that they might be home for Christmas.
The soldiers were ready to die for their country.
The sole survivor of the crash was a baby.
The sooner we get there, the more likely are we to get seats.
The sooner we start, the sooner we'll be done.
The sooner we start, the sooner we'll finish.
The sooner you return, the happier your father will be.
The sooner you start doing that, the sooner you'll be finished.
The sooner you start, the sooner you'll finish.
The sort of information that we need isn't always available.
The sort of information we need is not always available.
The sort of information we need isn't always available.
The sound of a gunshot echoed across the canyon.
The South Pole is a lot colder than the North Pole.
The Soviet troops started to withdraw from Afghanistan.
The Soviet Union launched Sputnik I in 1957.
The space race was an exciting time in history.
The speaker should stand where everyone can see him.
The speed of an airplane is much greater than that of a helicopter.
The speed of light is much greater than that of sound.
The speed of the spread of AIDS is horrifyingly fast.
The speed with which we forget is just unbelievable.
The spell was broken and the pig turned into a man.
The sperm whale can dive to a depth of 1,000 meters.
The spider web glistened in the morning dew.
The spinal column is composed of twenty-four bones.
The squeaking of the door gets on my nerves.
The stable is right behind the farm house.
The stain disappeared after we washed the shirt.
The staircase leading to the rooftop is narrow, steep, and dark.
The staircase to the loft doesn't have a handrail. It's not safe.
The standards for admission to this school are very high.
The stars are shining very brightly in the sky tonight.
The stars seem dim because of the city lights.
The stars twinkling in the night sky looked like jewels.
The stated price does not include labor charges.
The station is a ten minute drive from here.
The station is a three-minute walk from here.
The station is about three miles from here.
The station is in the center of the city.
The station is located between these two towns.
The station is situated between the two towns.
The station is the middle of the city.
The station is three kilometers away from here.
The station is to the west of the hotel.
The statue of Hachiko, the faithful dog, stands in front of Shibuya Station.
The Statue of Liberty is a symbol of America.
The Statue of Liberty is located in New York.
The stock market crash forced many retirees back into the job market.
The stock market crash of October 1987 in New York is still vividly remembered.
The stock market is in a prolonged slump.
The stock price index soared to an all-time high.
The stockholders are making money hand over fist.
The store can supply us with anything we need.
The store is open from nine to six.
The store was not a big one, was it?
The store was so crowded that they lost sight of each other.
The storm did great damage to her property.
The storm had a bad impact on the crops.
The storm had a serious effect on the economy.
The storm has been raging for three days.
The storm kept us from searching for the missing child.
The storm prevented us from arriving on time.
The story is true. Only the names have been changed.
The story of a great flood is very common in world mythology.
The story reminds me of an experience I had long ago.
The strange noise only lasted for about thirty seconds.
The strange object in the sky could be seen with the unaided eye.
The strange-looking woman was thought to be a witch.
The stream becomes shallower as you move upriver.
The street in front of my house is pretty narrow.
The street is blocked because of the demonstration.
The street our hotel is on is the next one.
The streets in Tokyo are full on Saturdays.
The streets of New York are very wide.
The strike brought the city to a halt.
The strong wind indicates that a storm is coming.
The structural integrity of the building is compromised.
The students are busy preparing for the examination.
The students are happy, but the teachers are not.
The students are making good progress in English.
The students don't have any classes Saturday afternoon.
The students have an excellent gym at their disposal.
The students must not enter the teachers' room this week.
The students were all looking forward to summer vacation.
The students were for the most part from the West Coast.
The students were ill at ease before the exam.
The style is nice, but do you have it in a different color?
The subject has not yet been fully explored.
The submarine's periscope was sticking out of the water.
The substitute teacher lost control of the class.
The sudden death of his brother surprised them.
The sudden increase of cars is causing a large number of traffic accidents every day.
The sugar and the butter are for our cake.
The suitcase that got damaged is the one that I bought in Australia.
The sum of all the angles in a triangle equals 180 degrees.
The sum of two plus three plus four is nine.
The summer vacation is only a week away.
The summit nations put free trade at the top of the agenda.
The summit of the mountain is covered with fresh snow.
The sun comes up in the east and goes down in the west.
The sun is at the center of our solar system.
The sun is beating down and there's no shade in sight.
The sun rises in the east and sets in the west.
The sun was shining, yet it was cold.
The sunglasses made him look like an undercover policeman.
The surgeon persuaded me to undergo an organ transplant operation.
The surgeon scrubbed up before commencing the operation.
The surgeon who operated on Tom is very experienced and highly regarded.
The suspect was hiding out in the mountains for three weeks.
The suspect was holed up in an abandoned factory.
The swimmer raised his head and gasped for breath.
The swimming pool is closed due to the storm.
The syntax of Python scripts is very simple.
The table in that room is very nice.
The table takes up a lot of space in this room.
The Taj Mahal is one of the seven wonders of the world.
The talisman he's wearing is supposed to ward off evil spirits.
The talk was peppered with scientific jargon that no one understood.
The talks will deal with the problem of pollution.
The tall guy smoking a cigar over there is a famous director.
The tall man looked at Tom and smiled.
The tall man wore a pink carnation in his lapel.
The tallest mountain in the world is Mount Everest.
The tanker has only a small crew on board.
The taxi driver refused to take us to that part of town.
The tea is too strong. Add some water.
The teacher and I sat down face to face.
The teacher and I sat face to face.
The teacher asked me how the moon differs from the earth.
The teacher called the students in alphabetical order.
The teacher caught the student cheating on the examination.
The teacher demonstrated the idea with an experiment.
The teacher didn't let the students ask any questions.
The teacher dismissed his class when the bell rang.
The teacher distributed the handouts to the students.
The teacher excused me for being late for class.
The teacher explained the meaning of the word to us.
The teacher gave way to the students' demand.
The teacher has given Tom permission to do whatever he wants.
The teacher has three times as many books as I do.
The teacher is busy looking over the examination papers.
The teacher lined the children up in order of height.
The teacher omitted the exercise on page 21 of the book.
The teacher pointed her finger at me and asked me to come with her.
The teacher said that the earth is round.
The teacher stressed the importance of taking notes.
The teacher suggested that we go to the library to study.
The teacher taught them that the earth is round.
The teacher told him not to forget his books.
The teacher told him to study English hard.
The teacher told the kids to be quiet.
The teacher told them not to swim in the river.
The teacher wrote something on the blackboard in a language I didn't know.
The teacher wrote something on the blackboard, but it was too small for me to read.
The team changed tactics in the second half.
The team played hard because the championship of the state was at stake.
The team was quite nervous before the game.
The telephone is among the inventions attributed to Alexander Graham Bell.
The telephone is ringing, but nobody is answering.
The telephone is ringing. If you want, I'll answer it.
The telephone was being used at the moment.
The telephone was invented by Bell in 1876.
The telephone was ringing when I got home.
The temperature has been below freezing for several days.
The temperature has been below zero for many days now.
The temperature was below freezing for several days.
The test of the new engine takes place today.
The tetanus shot hurt more than the dog bite.
The Texans began to organize their own army.
The Thames is a river that flows through London.
The theme park was closed down last month.
The thermometer is an instrument for measuring temperature.
The thermometer says it's thirty degrees in here.
The thick fog made it hard to see the road.
The thick fog made it impossible to see the building.
The thick fog prevented the plane from taking off.
The thief cut the telephone lines before breaking into the house.
The thief had special tools for picking locks.
The thief is certain to be caught eventually.
The thief outwitted the police and got away with his loot.
The thief ran away and the policeman ran after him.
The thief ran away on seeing the police.
The thief ran away when he saw a policeman.
The thief ran away when she saw the policeman.
The thief stubbed his toe on the door.
The thief used a screwdriver to break into the car.
The thief was handed over to the police.
The thief was marched off to the police station.
The thieves divvied up the proceeds from their heist.
The thieves divvied up the stolen loot among themselves.
The thieves made off with quite a haul.
The thieves opened the door with a pass key.
The third quarter GNP growth was 1% over the preceding quarter.
The three boys had only two dollars among them.
The three boys opened the doors of the building.
The three gunshot victims are in critical condition.
The ticket you've bought isn't valid during peak times.
The tickets for the concert are on sale here.
The tickets I bought from that scalper turned out to be fake.
The Tigers lost the game, which was a surprise to us.
The tiles that fell from the roof broke into very small pieces.
The time bomb exploded with a loud noise.
The time has come for you to play your trump card.
The time has come when I must tell you the truth.
The time will come when you will know the truth.
The time will come when you'll regret it.
The time will come when your dream will come true.
The time women spend doing housework is now a lot less than it used to be.
The tip of the spear was dipped in a deadly poison.
The Titanic sank on her maiden voyage. She was a large ship.
The Titanic's maiden voyage didn't go so well.
The title of the document needs to be centered.
The Tokyo Stock Exchange rallied at the end of the day.
The tomato is a vegetable, not a fruit.
The tooth fairy teaches children that they can sell body parts for money.
The top of Mt. Fuji is covered with snow.
The top of Mt. Fuji was covered with snow.
The top of the hill is a good vantage point.
The top of the mountain is covered in snow.
The top spun perilously close to the edge of the table.
The tornado left a trail of destruction in its wake.
The tornado touched down two kilometers from my school.
The torture made him confess to crimes he had not committed.
The tourists were fascinated with the exquisite scenery.
The tower is three hundred and twenty-one meters high.
The town has changed a great deal since then.
The town has changed a lot since then.
The town is famous for its old castle.
The town is supplied with water from a reservoir in the hills.
The town is two miles away from the coast.
The town was defended by a large army.
The town was destroyed by the flood after the storm.
The town where I was born is beautiful.
The traffic accident deprived him of his sight.
The traffic accident deprived the young man of his sight.
The traffic accident prevented me from catching the train.
The traffic crept along at a snail's pace.
The traffic is heavy here, especially in the morning.
The traffic is stopped because of the accident.
The traffic jam was caused by a car crash.
The tragedy of war must not be forgotten.
The train arrived at the station thirty minutes behind schedule.
The train arrived late because of the snow.
The train arrived late because of the snowstorm.
The train had already left when we got to station.
The train is made up of fifteen cars.
The train is traveling at the rate of 50 miles an hour.
The train left before I arrived at the station.
The train station is close to the hotel.
The train station will be closed from tomorrow.
The train was about to leave the station.
The train was almost an hour behind schedule today.
The train was almost an hour behind time.
The train was brought to a sudden halt.
The train was delayed because of heavy snowfall.
The train was delayed for two hours because of the heavy snow.
The train was derailed by a piece of iron on the track.
The train was held up because of the railroad accident.
The train was so crowded that I had to stand all the way.
The train was so packed that I had to stand up during the whole trip.
The train wasn't as crowded as I thought it would be.
The train will arrive at the station before noon.
The train will probably arrive at the station before noon.
The trains were too crowded for us to get on.
The translation is extremely faithful to the original.
The translation of the French novel took him more than three months.
The traveler stopped to ask me the way.
The treasure is believed to lie hidden somewhere in the mountain.
The treaty did not ban nuclear tests under the ground.
The tree cast a shadow across the road.
The tree in front of the library was struck by lightning.
The tree was felled with one hard blow of his ax.
The tree's root system stretches over thirty meters.
The tree's roots extend deep into the earth.
The trip was canceled because of a terrible storm.
The trip will take at least a week.
The trip will take at least five days.
The trouble is that he thinks only of himself.
The trouble is that I have no money with me.
The trouble is that it costs too much.
The trouble is that my son does not want to go to school.
The trouble is that we do not have enough money.
The trouble is that we have no money.
The trouble with him is that he is seldom punctual.
The trouble with you is that you talk too much.
The truck cut in front of my car.
The truck dumped the sand on the ground.
The truck hit the police officer before plowing into the police car.
The truck made a sharp turn to the left.
The truck made a sharp turn to the right.
The truth finally came out at his trial.
The truth is rarely pure and never simple.
The truth is that he was not fit for the job.
The truth is that I love somebody else.
The truth is that I was the one who killed your dog.
The truth is that my French isn't so good.
The truth is that nothing is totally true or false.
The truth is that the parents were to blame.
The truth is that we can't live without air.
The truth of the matter gradually dawned on me.
The tunnel caved in because of the earthquake the other day.
The turtles laid their eggs on the beach.
The twin girls are so much alike that I can't tell one from the other.
The twins are as alike as two peas in a pod.
The two boys look more alike than I thought.
The two brothers are like two peas in a pod.
The two brothers were born twelve years apart.
The two countries are engaged in biological warfare.
The two countries do not have diplomatic relations.
The two countries have broken off diplomatic relations.
The two countries will negotiate a settlement to the crisis.
The two daughters are different from each other.
The two generals met again the next day.
The two girls wore the same dress to the dance.
The two gunshot victims are in the intensive care unit at a nearby hospital.
The two had been enemies for a long time.
The two held hands and walked in the moonlight.
The two houses stand alongside of each other.
The two incidents are connected with each other.
The two languages have a lot in common.
The two men sitting on the bench were Americans.
The two of them are in the room.
The two of them were never to meet again.
The two of us split up last year.
The two politicians met face to face for the first time.
The two runners reached the finish line at the same time.
The two towns are separated by a river.
The typhoon knocked down a tree in my yard.
The typhoon struck the city, causing great damage.
The U.S. economy is the largest in the world.
The U.S. gun ownership rate is the highest in the world.
The U.S. incarceration rate is the highest in the world.
The U.S. Secretary of State is trying to broker a ceasefire between the warring parties.
The U.S. thinks it is getting the short end of the stick.
The ugly duckling turned into a beautiful swan.
The unclaimed items were sold off at auction.
The unemployment rate in Japan was 3.4 percent in September of 2015.
The union is pressing for a ten-percent pay hike.
The union was modest in its wage demands.
The United Nations Building was built in 1952.
The United Nations sent troops to intervene in the conflict.
The United States became a nation in 1776.
The United States has almost a fourth of the world's prison population.
The United States has close ties to Mexico.
The United States has officially ended economic sanctions against Burma.
The United States is a country of immigrants.
The United States is abundant in natural resources.
The United States of America is a democratic country.
The universe was born more than 12 billion years ago.
The university bears the name of its founder.
The urban population in most developing countries is increasing very fast.
The urban-renewal project is now well under way.
The US is trying to extradite a drug lord from Mexico.
The USA is a good market for Japanese products.
The use of this type of radio has become widespread.
The vaccination left a funny little mark on my arm.
The value of a good education cannot be measured in terms of money.
The value of a good education can't be measured in terms of money.
The value of the coins depended on the weight of the metal used.
The value of the dollar began to drop.
The value of the dollar is going up.
The vase fell to the floor and shattered.
The vase that Tom gave me is made of glass.
The vase Tom gave me is made of glass.
The vast majority of children love ice cream.
The very idea of being sent abroad delighted them.
The victim died at a hospital in Boston.
The victim is thought to have taken a large quantity of poison by mistake.
The victim was stabbed repeatedly by the killer.
The video cameras are mainly there to deter thieves.
The video that you uploaded yesterday has gone viral.
The video you uploaded yesterday has gone viral.
The view from my hotel room was beautiful.
The view from the hotel is very beautiful.
The view from the hotel is very nice.
The view from the top of the mountain was breathtaking.
The village drunk is always up to something.
The village I live in is very small.
The village in which he was born is far from here.
The village is connected with our town by a bridge.
The village is located high up in the mountains.
The village is on the side of the hill.
The villagers regarded the stranger as their enemy.
The villagers went in search of the missing child.
The villagers were displaced by the construction of a dam.
The visible colors of the rainbow are red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, and violet.
The voice on the loudspeaker was too muffled to understand.
The volcano is belching out flames and smoke.
The waiter put a new tablecloth on the table.
The waiters bumped into each other and dropped their trays.
The waiting room was hot and there was no fan.
The waiting room was so noisy that I couldn't hear my name called.
The waitress gave me coffee, even though I'd ordered tea.
The waitress spread a white cloth over the table.
The wall was covered with pictures of gunshot victims.
The wallet I found was full of cash.
The war between the two countries ended with a big loss for both sides.
The war brought their research to an end.
The war has taken a terrible toll on the civilian population.
The war on drugs is a political war.
The war was finally brought to a close.
The warehouse was a front for drug traffickers.
The warranty doesn't cover normal wear and tear.
The warrior is conscious of both his strength and his weakness.
The washing is taking too long to dry because of the moisture in the air.
The water became muddy because of the rain.
The water from this fountain is safe to drink.
The water in this brook is cool and clear.
The water in this river is very clean.
The water pressure caused the pipe to burst.
The water stopped running because the hose has a kink in it.
The water will come to a boil in 5 minutes or so.
The way she talks gets on my nerves.
The way Tom drives, he's going to have an accident sooner or later.
The way you sit tells a great deal about your nature.
The weather forecast is not reliable at all.
The weather forecast says it will be cooler tomorrow.
The weather forecast says it will be fine tomorrow.
The weather is bound to get better tomorrow.
The weather is superb, and the sea is calm.
The weather is very changeable at this time of year.
The weather outlook for tomorrow is not good.
The weather report said that it'll rain this afternoon, but I don't think it will.
The weather report said that there will be thunderstorms tomorrow evening.
The weather service has issued a severe weather warning.
The weather was getting worse and worse as the day went on.
The weather was not only cold, but also wet.
The weather was not only cold, it was also damp.
The weather was so cold that the lake froze over.
The weather will delay the start of the race.
The wedding ceremony was performed in the morning.
The wedding ceremony will be held regardless of the weather.
The wedding will be held in a 17th century church.
The week before Christmas, many stores stay open late.
The well being of the nation is the government's responsibility.
The well-known poet attempted to commit suicide in his study.
The whale is a very large mammal that lives in the sea.
The whale is a very large mammal which lives in the sea.
The whale is the largest animal on the earth.
The whale shark is the largest shark in the world.
The whereabouts of the suspect is still unknown.
The whistle of the steam train woke us at daybreak.
The whole class is present once a week.
The whole company stood in silence for a few moments, as a tribute to the dead.
The whole family was out harvesting the corn.
The whole nation was sad to hear that their king died.
The whole neighborhood was surprised at the news.
The whole soccer team was on cloud nine after winning the championship.
The whole village was consumed by the fire.
The whole world was involved in the war.
The wicked witch cast a spell on the man and turned him into a bug.
The will was declared void by the court.
The wind ripped the roof off our building.
The wind was so strong, we were nearly blown off the road.
The windows were already open when I got here.
The wingspan of an eagle is more than a meter.
The withdrawal symptoms are more severe than I thought.
The wizard waved his magic wand and disappeared into thin air.
The woman gave birth to a baby girl.
The woman managed the drunk as if he were a child.
The woman who he thought was his aunt was a stranger.
The women's basketball team has a male coach.
The word "the" is optional in this sentence.
The word is on the tip of my tongue.
The work has to be finished before noon.
The workers are complaining about the working conditions.
The workers are complaining about their working conditions.
The workers came to ask about their pay raises.
The workers have no incentive to work harder.
The workers united together to fight against the closure of the factory.
The world has changed a lot in the last thirty years.
The world is changing more and more quickly.
The world is more dangerous than I thought.
The world population grows by close to eight million per year.
The worst part is, it wasn't always like this.
The worst thing you can do is to only do something half seriously.
The worth of friendship is greater than gold.
The wound left a scar on her arm.
The wound left a scar on my arm.
The wreckage is scattered over a large area.
The wreckage of the plane was found in the desert.
The Wright brothers succeeded in flying an airplane driven by an engine.
The yen is rising and the dollar is falling.
The young couple ate off the same plate.
The young girl wanted to be a star of the silver screen.
The young lady carried a child in her arm.
The young man came running to meet her.
The young man driving the car was drunk.
The young man lives in an old house.
The young man put out his hand and I shook it.
The young man saved the child from drowning.
The young man saved the girl from drowning.
The young woman was carrying an infant in her arms.
The youngest child spent every morning at a nursery.
The youth was arrested for being involved in a riot.
The Zulu tribe in South Africa has its own language.
Their apples aren't as good as our apples.
Their communication may be much more complex than we thought.
Their contract is to run out at the end of this month.
Their deep love for each other was unequivocal.
Their family name is written on their mailbox.
Their financial problems began in the second half of the year.
Their house is just opposite the bus stop.
Their marriage has been strained lately because of financial problems.
Their modest income doesn't allow for many luxuries.
Their party won the most votes in the election.
Their plot to start a fire was discovered by the police.
Their team doesn't have a ghost of a chance of winning this season.
Their trip was postponed because of the rain.
Their way of thinking is behind the times.
Then I'm afraid we have a bit of a problem.
Then the pen fell from my hand and I just listened.
Theory and practice should go hand in hand.
There are a bunch of kids playing on the street just outside my window.
There are a bunch of kids playing tag on the playground.
There are a few apples on the tree, aren't there?
There are a few boats on the lake.
There are a few magazines on the coffee table.
There are a good many reasons why you shouldn't do it.
There are a great many books in this library.
There are a great many forest fires in America.
There are a lot of abandoned houses in the neighborhood.
There are a lot of bad people in the world.
There are a lot of beautiful places in Japan.
There are a lot of beautiful roses in our garden.
There are a lot of beautiful songs on these records.
There are a lot of big cities in Brazil.
There are a lot of books in his room.
There are a lot of books in the library.
There are a lot of bridges in this city.
There are a lot of children in the park.
There are a lot of different people in Europe.
There are a lot of dogs here, aren't there?
There are a lot of dustballs under the couch.
There are a lot of earthquakes in Japan.
There are a lot of eggs in the basket.
There are a lot of fish in that lake.
There are a lot of fish in the pond.
There are a lot of fish in the sea.
There are a lot of fish in this lake.
There are a lot of gifts under the Christmas tree.
There are a lot of girls in the room.
There are a lot of good restaurants in Boston.
There are a lot of hot springs in Japan.
There are a lot of kids on the playground.
There are a lot of new buildings here now.
There are a lot of parks in London.
There are a lot of people here today.
There are a lot of people in the waiting room.
There are a lot of people waiting outside.
There are a lot of pictures in this book.
There are a lot of places to see around here.
There are a lot of poodles under the couch.
There are a lot of problems we can't avoid.
There are a lot of questions that need answering.
There are a lot of tall buildings in New York.
There are a lot of tall trees in the park.
There are a lot of things I have to do this week.
There are a lot of things I have to do.
There are a lot of things I need to buy.
There are a lot of things I want to ask you.
There are a lot of things I want to discuss with you.
There are a lot of vitamins in oranges.
There are a lot of weeds in your garden.
There are a number of nice restaurants near here.
There are a thousand meters in a kilometer.
There are about seven billion people in the world.
There are about seventy hens in the henhouse, but only one rooster.
There are about thirty people in this room.
There are all sorts of things to learn.
There are always so many unwanted gifts in the house after Christmas.
There are around three thousand mosques in Istanbul.
There are beautiful flowers here and there in the garden.
There are big differences in broadband speed and quality from country to country.
There are cherry trees on both sides of the street.
There are crossword puzzles in almost every newspaper.
There are dangers that threaten both men and women.
There are days when I really hate this job.
There are few legal constraints on the sale of firearms in the U.S.
There are few men who don't know that.
There are few places to park around here.
There are few sounds in this world more beautiful than a baby's laugh.
There are fifteen people here, counting the guests.
There are fifty stars on the American flag.
There are fifty states in the United States.
There are five patients in the waiting room.
There are footprints of a cat on the table.
There are going to be a lot of questions.
There are hundreds of books in his study.
There are lots of animals in the park.
There are lots of eggs in that box.
There are lots of presents underneath the Christmas tree.
There are lots of things I want to talk about.
There are lots of things we've got to fix.
There are many abandoned cats in the world.
There are many Americans who can speak Japanese.
There are many apple trees in the garden.
There are many bad people in the world.
There are many countries in Europe that I'd like to visit.
There are many different ways of doing this.
There are many dishonest people in the world.
There are many good reasons not to do it.
There are many housewives who complain about high prices.
There are many interesting people in the world.
There are many Japanese restaurants in New York.
There are many jobs available in the computer industry.
There are many more people than I expected.
There are many movie theaters in this city.
There are many new programs to watch this spring.
There are many nudist beaches in East Germany.
There are many old people in this village.
There are many people living in this house.
There are many people trying to buy houses.
There are many people who don't like me.
There are many red flowers in the garden.
There are many talented people in our city, but Tom isn't one of them.
There are many tall buildings in that town.
There are many things in life more important than work.
There are many things that I don't understand very well.
There are many urgent matters to attend to.
There are many useful appliances in the hardware store.
There are many wild animals in this area.
There are many words that I don't understand.
There are more cars on the road in the summer than in the winter.
There are more girls than boys in this class.
There are more girls than boys in this school.
There are more of those in the drawer.
There are more stars in the sky than I can count.
There are more women than men in the world.
There are nine girls and three boys in the library.
There are no bad dogs, only bad owners.
There are no dogs bigger than this one.
There are no food stores in the immediate area.
There are no hospitals in the vicinity of his house.
There are no more bullets in my gun.
There are no new messages in my inbox.
There are no shortcuts to the top, only to the bottom.
There are not enough chairs for us to sit on.
There are not enough doctors to give proper care to the children.
There are not enough skilled workers to keep the factories running.
There are now three cars parked in front of your house.
There are only 10 minutes left until the end of the lesson.
There are only five minutes left till the train leaves and she hasn't appeared.
There are only three girls in the class.
There are only three maids in this hotel.
There are over 30 bales of hay in the barn.
There are people here who need your help.
There are people who are afraid of spiders.
There are people who don't like to go to bed early.
There are people who don't like to go to sleep early.
There are people who think pineapples grow underground.
There are plenty of fish in this river.
There are plenty of fresh eggs on the table.
There are plenty of idiots in the world.
There are plenty of nice girls out there.
There are plenty of oranges on the tree.
There are rumors that she found a new job.
There are seedless grapes and seedless watermelons. I wonder if there are seedless mangoes.
There are seven men and four women in my section.
There are several spelling errors in your essay.
There are shuttle buses that stop at several hotels in Tokyo.
There are signs of growing tensions between the two countries.
There are so many stars in the sky, I can't count them all.
There are so many stories I've never told you.
There are so many things I'd like to do.
There are so many things left to be done.
There are some beautiful roses in the vase.
There are some cases where this rule doesn't apply.
There are some differences between British English and American English.
There are some good apples in the basket.
There are some misprints, but all in all, it's a good book.
There are some people who sleep in the daytime and work at night.
There are some people who think it's a bad idea.
There are some things that are difficult to translate.
There are some things that I don't understand.
There are some things that you should never try doing.
There are some very strange things going on here.
There are sparks flying out of the electric socket.
There are still a few more things that I need to tell you.
There are still a lot of things that have to be done.
There are still a lot of things to do.
There are still many cultural differences between East and West Germany.
There are still many things left to do.
There are still many things we don't know.
There are still people who are unable to read.
There are still people who believe that the earth is flat.
There are still people who believe the earth is flat.
There are still people who don't know how to read.
There are still some savage tribes on that island.
There are still things I have to do.
There are still things that I have to do.
There are thirty students in the beginner's group.
There are three blue cushions on the sofa.
There are three cookies left on the plate.
There are three empty rooms. However, we can't use any of them.
There are three hundred applicants for only one position.
There are three hundred pages in this book.
There are three men in the next room waiting for you.
There are three more things I need to buy.
There are times when I find you really interesting.
There are times when I'd like to be more like you.
There are too many of us to fit into one taxi.
There are too many people here. Let's go somewhere else.
There are too many people in the park.
There are too many people in this room.
There are trees on either side of the river.
There are turtles that are more than two centuries old.
There are two cats sleeping on the bed.
There are two kinds of work in the world--head work and hand work; mental and manual.
There are two or three pens on the desk.
There are two slices of pizza for each person.
There are usually taxis in front of the train station.
There are various kinds of candy in that bowl.
There are various ways to take care of the problem.
There are various ways we could handle this problem.
There are wavelengths of light that the human eye cannot perceive.
There are way too many people in this room.
There are wounds that time does not heal.
There aren't any fish living in this river anymore.
There aren't that many synagogues in this city.
There can be only one explanation for it.
There can be only one explanation for that.
There had never been any ill-feeling between them until that night.
There has always been war and there always will be.
There has been a rash of burglaries in my neighborhood.
There has been an increase in the number of murders.
There has to be a first time for everything.
There has to be a way to cross the river.
There have been a lot of airplane accidents recently.
There have been a lot of complaints about that policy.
There have been a lot of complaints about the way Tom behaves.
There have been a lot of complaints about your behavior.
There have been many cases of cholera this year.
There is a bank in front of the hotel.
There is a bank in front of the station.
There is a bench in front of the train station.
There is a big hole in your stocking.
There is a big stack of mail on the table.
There is a big tree in front of my house.
There is a bird feeder in our backyard.
There is a bit of whisky in this bottle.
There is a black BMW parked in front of your house.
There is a bookstore in front of the department store.
There is a bottle of wine on the table.
There is a bus stop near our school.
There is a Catholic church very near here.
There is a certain amount of truth in what he's saying.
There is a chance that he will pass the exam.
There is a crowd of people on the street.
There is a desk in a corner of the room.
There is a disproportionate number of girls in the class.
There is a friendly atmosphere in the office.
There is a fundamental difference between your opinion and mine.
There is a good chance that he will win.
There is a lake in front of my house.
There is a large parking lot in front of the station.
There is a limit of two pieces of luggage for each passenger.
There is a line at the ticket office.
There is a little water in the bottle.
There is a little water in the glass.
There is a little wine left in the bottom of the glass.
There is a lot of crime in big cities.
There is a lot of furniture in his room.
There is a lot of furniture in this room.
There is a lot of pressure on women to be thin.
There is a lot of snow on the roof.
There is a lot of traffic on that street.
There is a man by the side of the pond.
There is a man waiting for you at the door.
There is a museum just north of the zoo.
There is a nice park in the center of the town.
There is a pair of scissors on the desk.
There is a park behind the movie theater.
There is a photo of Tom on Mary's desk.
There is a place for everyone in the world.
There is a police car parked outside our house.
There is a pond in the middle of the park.
There is a possibility that we won't have to shut down the factory.
There is a rapid increase in world population.
There is a red rose in the vase.
There is a rumor that gold has been found in the valley.
There is a rumor that the radicals are plotting against the government.
There is a small garden in front of my house.
There is a strange man at the door.
There is a strong bond between the brothers.
There is a strong bond of affection between them.
There is a subtle difference between the two words.
There is a tall tree in front of my house.
There is a tinge of red in the eastern sky.
There is a traffic jam on the highway.
There is a TV remote control under the couch.
There is a very old temple in the town.
There is a white line in the middle of the road.
There is a woman who wants to see you.
There is almost no violence in that city.
There is almost no water in this bottle.
There is always the risk of losing all the data on your hard disk.
There is an old church in this town.
There is an urgent need for a more effective method of treating this disease.
There is an urgent need for a new approach to dealing with this problem.
There is an urgent need for a new policy.
There is an urgent need for a new system.
There is an urgent need for affordable housing.
There is an urgent need for better communication.
There is an urgent need for blood donations.
There is an urgent need for blood donors.
There is an urgent need for clean energy.
There is an urgent need for experienced pilots.
There is an urgent need for food and water.
There is an urgent need for good legal advice.
There is an urgent need for improved living conditions.
There is an urgent need for medical supplies.
There is an urgent need for more doctors.
There is an urgent need for more money.
There is an urgent need for more people to donate their time and money.
There is an urgent need for new ideas.
There is an urgent need for peace talks.
There is an urgent need for people to help clean up the environment.
There is an urgent need for qualified teachers.
There is an urgent need for social change.
There is an urgent need for teachers with science backgrounds.
There is an urgent need for the local government to help the homeless.
There is an urgent need for them to update their system.
There is an urgent need for understanding how climate change will affect our lives.
There is considerable optimism that the economy will improve.
There is enough here to feed the whole family.
There is enough time to finish this homework.
There is little hope of his winning the election.
There is little hope that she will come on time.
There is little hope that they are alive.
There is little water left in the glass.
There is little wine left in the bottle.
There is little, if any, hope of his being alive.
There is little, if any, hope of his recovery.
There is milk all over the kitchen floor because my wife broke the bottle.
There is more than enough room for another car.
There is much more water in this lake now than in the past.
There is no admission fee for children under five.
There is no comparison between the taste of a fresh apricot and one from a can.
There is no denying that she is very efficient.
There is no doubt as to who will be elected.
There is no doubt in my mind that Tom will win the election.
There is no doubt that he is honest.
There is no doubt that he was murdered.
There is no end in sight to the U.S. trade deficit with Japan.
There is no feeling in my toes at all.
There is no knowing what he will do next.
There is no knowing when a severe earthquake will happen in Tokyo.
There is no market for these goods in Japan.
There is no necessity for you to do that.
There is no need for him to work.
There is no need for us to hurry.
There is no need for you to stay here.
There is no need to be frightened. He won't harm you.
There is no need to take his advice if you don't want to.
There is no need to worry about shortages for the moment.
There is no other country in the world where earthquakes are as frequent as in Japan.
There is no point in pretending to be sick.
There is no possibility of the bill being passed.
There is no question that he will marry her.
There is no reason for her to scold you.
There is no reason for you to feel inferior to anyone.
There is no reason not to try it.
There is no reason why he should resign.
There is no reason why I shouldn't do it.
There is no room for doubt about his guilt.
There is no room for romance in my life.
There is no sense in your worrying about your health so much.
There is no sign of life on Mars.
There is no SIM card in my telephone.
There is no such thing as a thornless rose.
There is no telling what he will do.
There is no telling what will happen tomorrow.
There is no telling when they will come.
There is no water left in the bottle.
There is no way of knowing where he's gone.
There is no way of reaching the island other than by boat.
There is no way to confirm that he is alive.
There is not enough demand for this product.
There is not much difference between the two.
There is not much doubt about the cause of the fire.
There is not much I can do to help, I am afraid.
There is not much possibility of his coming on time.
There is nothing for you to be afraid of.
There is nothing I can do to change that.
There is nothing in the contract precluding you from hiring another lawyer.
There is nothing like cold beer on a hot day.
There is nothing like the smell of roasted coffee.
There is nothing more refreshing than a cold beer on a hot day.
There is nothing the matter with the motor.
There is nothing worse than doing something in a half-hearted manner.
There is one thing that I don't understand.
There is only one store on the whole island.
There is only space for thirty students in this classroom.
There is plenty of space in the loft for storage.
There is sand at the bottom of the ocean.
There is so much pollution in New York that joggers often wear masks when running.
There is so much to do, and only a lifetime to do it.
There is something about him I don't like.
There is to be no fraternizing with the enemy.
There is too much furniture in the house.
There is too much furniture in this room.
There is usually a cool breeze here in the evening.
There is very little hope of his success.
There is very little probability of an agreement being reached.
There isn't a grain of truth in what he says.
There isn't a scrap of food in the refrigerator.
There isn't any need to speak so loud.
There isn't any proof that Tom did that.
There isn't much butter left in the refrigerator.
There isn't much milk left in the bottle.
There might be a gas leak in our house.
There must be a better way to do this.
There must be a connection between these murders.
There must be a logical explanation for this.
There must be a more efficient way to do this.
There must be a rational explanation for this.
There must be a way to arrive at a diplomatic solution.
There must be a way to cross the river.
There must be an easier way to do this.
There must be some reason for what he has done.
There must be some way to cross the river.
There must be some way we can help Tom.
There must be something else we can do.
There must have been a tacit understanding between them.
There seem to be lots and lots of stars.
There seems to be no need to go.
There seems to be no need to hurry.
There seems to be no possibility of compromise.
There seems to be something peculiar about the boy.
There should be a box of matches in the top drawer.
There should be more national hospitals for old people.
There still weren't any visible signs of spring.
There used to be a bookstore on that corner.
There used to be a hotel around here.
There used to be a hut around here.
There used to be a large park here.
There used to be a lot of frogs in this pond.
There used to be an art museum in this neighborhood.
There used to be an old temple here.
There used to be some big trees around the pond.
There was a big gold star on the door.
There was a Brazilian girl in my class last year.
There was a bus schedule on the wall.
There was a bus stop at the foot of the hill.
There was a car accident near here, wasn't there?
There was a castle here many years ago.
There was a cherry tree growing in the garden.
There was a cold wind blowing from the north.
There was a cottage on the side of the hill.
There was a curtain which was covering the door.
There was a drop in temperature after the rain.
There was a duck wading in the pond.
There was a flower bed in the middle of the garden.
There was a food fight in the cafeteria.
There was a glut of cotton goods due to cheap imports.
There was a happy twinkle in her eyes.
There was a huge pile-up on the highway.
There was a huge spider in the living room.
There was a large audience at yesterday's concert.
There was a large audience in the concert hall.
There was a large harvest of peaches last year.
There was a long line at the women's restrooms.
There was a lot of blood on the floor.
There was a lot of food in the house.
There was a lot of housework to do.
There was a lot of snow last winter.
There was a lot of snow last year.
There was a mad rush toward the exit.
There was a modern-looking coffee table in the center of the room.
There was a moose in the middle of the road.
There was a pile of firewood next to the house.
There was a pretty girl with black hair in the park.
There was a slight chill in the air.
There was a small box inside the big box.
There was a stack of dirty dishes in the sink.
There was a stack of newspapers in the corner of the room.
There was a strong smell of gasoline in the garage.
There was a strong wind on that day.
There was a sudden change in the situation.
There was a sudden change in the weather.
There was a suggestion of anger in his voice.
There was a suggestion that the general meeting should take place in October.
There was a tape recorder on the table.
There was a tense atmosphere in the room.
There was a terrible accident on the freeway.
There was a thick coat of dust on the table.
There was a time when reptiles ruled the world.
There was a ton of pressure on him.
There was a tower on the top of the mountain.
There was a traffic accident in front of the house yesterday.
There was a violent clash of opinions between the two leaders.
There was absolutely no furniture in that room.
There was absolutely nothing you could do about it.
There was almost no color in his face.
There was an accident on the side of the road.
There was an attempt on the president's life.
There was an old clunker parked just behind my new sports car.
There was an overpowering smell of dirty laundry.
There was lavender in bloom as far as the eye could see.
There was little paramedics could do for Tom.
There was little sugar left in the pot.
There was lots of gold inside the sarcophagus.
There was no indication that anything was wrong.
There was no money left in my wallet.
There was no one at all in the whole house.
There was no one else on the road.
There was no sign of life in the house.
There was no taxi, so I had to walk home.
There was no TV or radio in those days.
There was no way I was going to do that.
There was not enough evidence to find him guilty.
There was nothing but an old chair in the room.
There was nothing but sand as far as the eye could see.
There was nothing but the ocean as far as the eye could see.
There was nothing else Tom wanted to do.
There was nothing I could do about it.
There was nothing I could do to change it.
There was nothing that Tom could do about it.
There was nothing Tom could do about it.
There was nothing Tom could do to help Mary.
There was once a time when I could not trust others.
There was only a little milk left in the bottle.
There was only one case of chicken pox at the school.
There was only one other person on the platform.
There was only one survivor of the accident.
There was so much stuff on his desk that he had nowhere to write.
There was something about that house that made her stop and look again.
There wasn't a seat free on the crowded bus.
There wasn't a single free seat on the crowded bus.
There wasn't even a speck of dust on the table.
There wasn't even one book in the room.
There wasn't much news in last night's newspaper.
There were 215 votes for the motion and 15 votes against it.
There were a few children in the room.
There were a great many people at the airport.
There were a hundred people in the hall.
There were a lot of empty seats the day I went.
There were a lot of girls at the party.
There were a lot of men among the inhabitants.
There were a lot of murders last year.
There were a lot of people at the concert.
There were a lot of people at the party.
There were a lot of people in the park.
There were a lot of people in the stadium.
There were a lot of people there that I didn't know.
There were a lot of young couples in the park.
There were beautiful flowers on the reception desk.
There were bits of broken glass on the floor.
There were few students left in the classroom.
There were fifty passengers on board the bus.
There were four pieces of cheese on the table.
There were hardly any passengers on the train.
There were hundreds of birds on the lake.
There were hundreds of cars on the street.
There were hundreds of people milling about in the streets.
There were hundreds of taxis at the airport, all vying for customers.
There were lots of people in the stadium.
There were many empty beer cans on the floor.
There were many good-looking guys at the party.
There were many jewels in the treasure chest.
There were many presents under the Christmas tree.
There were many things that needed my attention, so I didn't get home until after midnight.
There were many things that needed to be done before we could leave.
There were many things that we needed to do to prepare for our trip.
There were many things that we simply didn't have time to do.
There were maybe up to a thousand people there.
There were more spectators than I had expected.
There were more than fifty girls at the party.
There were no customers in our bar after 10:00 p.m. that night.
There were no customers, so we closed the shop early.
There were no customers, so we closed the store early.
There were no fences on the great plains.
There were no more than five passengers in the bus.
There were no more than two books on the desk.
There were no radios in Japan in those days.
There were no railroads at that time in Japan.
There were no railroads in Japan at that time.
There were no signs of life on the island.
There were only a few days left before Christmas.
There were only a few patches of vegetation near the river.
There were only crumbs left in the box.
There were only six people at the meeting.
There were only three presents under the Christmas tree.
There were plenty of guests in the hall.
There were quite a few students absent from class today.
There were six people at the concert last week.
There were stacks of books all over the floor.
There were thirty people present at the meeting.
There were three coffee mugs on the table.
There were three empty wine bottles on the table.
There were three of them and all three were armed.
There were too many children in the pool.
There were too many people at the beach.
There were twice as many university applicants in 1992 as in 1982.
There were two careless mistakes on his paper.
There will always be some kind of problem.
There will be an energy crisis in the near future.
Therefore, it is necessary to reduce the cost.
There'll come a day when you'll regret it.
There's a bank in front of the hotel.
There's a bank in front of the station.
There's a big park close to where we live.
There's a body in the trunk of the car.
There's a book about dancing on the desk.
There's a bottle of white wine in the refrigerator.
There's a bus stop close to our school.
There's a bus stop in front of our school.
There's a chance that tap water may contain harmful substances like chlorine and lead.
There's a church in the center of the village.
There's a convenience store diagonally across the street.
There's a fine line between assertiveness and aggression.
There's a fine line between bravery and stupidity.
There's a fine line between genius and insanity.
There's a fire in the building. We have to evacuate immediately.
There's a fountain in the center of the park.
There's a fountain in the middle of the garden.
There's a garden in front of our house.
There's a general sense that something should be done about unemployment.
There's a good chance that he'll be chosen.
There's a good chance that he'll be late.
There's a helicopter waiting for us on the roof.
There's a hole in one of my pockets.
There's a hole in the bottom of the bucket.
There's a huge mark up on imported electronic goods.
There's a ladder leaning against the garage wall.
There's a laundromat in the basement of our apartment building.
There's a little bit of water in the glass.
There's a little water left in the pitcher.
There's a long line at every cash register.
There's a lot of danger during a big storm.
There's a lot of dust in the attic.
There's a lot of furniture in the room.
There's a lot of furniture in this room.
There's a lot of pollen in the air.
There's a lot of room left for improvement.
There's a lot of traffic on that street.
There's a lot of trash on the far bank of the river.
There's a lot of wind this morning, isn't there?
There's a lot of work left to be done.
There's a lot of work to be done.
There's a man that I don't know in front of the house.
There's a man with a gun in his hand standing at the door.
There's a movie I want to watch on TV tomorrow night.
There's a package for you on the table.
There's a pair of scissors in the top drawer.
There's a party going on in the next room.
There's a photo of Tom on Mary's desk.
There's a place I'd like to show you.
There's a policeman outside who wants to see you.
There's a possibility that the man was murdered.
There's a problem with the plane's landing gear.
There's a pyramid in Mexico bigger than any of those in Egypt.
There's a restaurant pretty close to here, but it's not very good.
There's a rumor going around that she got a new job.
There's a rumor going around that you two are dating.
There's a rumor in the air that the firm is going into bankruptcy.
There's a scratch here. Could you give me a discount?
There's a song I want to sing for you.
There's a spring in the center of the village.
There's a squirrel stuck in the bird feeder.
There's a subtle difference in meaning between the two words.
There's a volcano emitting masses of smoke in Iceland.
There's a wall somewhere under all that moss.
There's almost no coffee left in the pot.
There's an old cherry tree in the garden.
There's been a lawyer in the family for generations.
There's been a lot of activity around the office this morning.
There's been a lot of rain this month.
There's been a lot of rain this summer.
There's been a significant development in the case of the missing toddler.
There's danger that the levee will break. We have to evacuate immediately.
There's going to be a math test tomorrow.
There's got to be a better way of doing this.
There's got to be a way to cross the river.
There's gum stuck to the bottom of my shoe.
There's gum stuck to the sole of my shoe.
There's hardly any coffee left in the pot.
There's hardly any hope that he'll win the election.
There's more to this than meets the eye.
There's never been a better time to buy land.
There's no danger of this lamp setting fire to the curtains.
There's no denying the harmful effects of smoking.
There's no entertainment for young people around here.
There's no freedom of religion in this country.
There's no guarantee that the stock will go up.
There's no hurry. We have plenty of time.
There's no need for that kind of behavior.
There's no need for you to prepare a formal speech.
There's no need to go to school today.
There's no need to hurry. We have plenty of time.
There's no need to panic. There's plenty of time.
There's no need to wash your hair every day.
There's no one in the house. They're all outside.
There's no point in arguing with someone like that.
There's no point in asking me for money.
There's no problem if you want to sleep here.
There's no reason for me to go there.
There's no reason for you to do that.
There's no reason for you to fear for your safety.
There's no room for us to sit down.
There's no sign of damage to the hull.
There's no such thing as a free lunch.
There's no telling when she'll stab you in the back.
There's no way I'm going to do that.
There's no way I'm going to pay for your ticket.
There's no way I'm going to work on Sunday.
There's no way I'm taking the rap for his mistakes.
There's no way to get in touch with him.
There's no way to get off the island.
There's no way to predict what you will dream tonight.
There's no way Tom can verify the information.
There's not a second that goes by that I don't think about you.
There's not a whole lot happening here at the moment.
There's not enough food for all of us.
There's not enough light in this room for sewing.
There's not much I can do for you now.
There's not much I can do for you.
There's not much sugar left in the sugar bowl.
There's nothing I can do to change that.
There's nothing I can do to help Tom.
There's nothing I like as much as the smell of roses.
There's nothing I want to say to you.
There's nothing like a glass of natural, freshly squeezed juice.
There's nothing like a good cup of tea.
There's nothing like close combat to test one's mettle.
There's nothing more important to me than my family.
There's nothing more painful than losing one's child.
There's nothing more we can do for Tom.
There's nothing obligating you to spend the night here.
There's nothing that can't be bought with money.
There's nothing we can do to prevent that.
There's nothing you can do to stop me.
There's nothing you can say that'll change my mind.
There's one more thing we need to discuss.
There's one other thing we need to buy.
There's one question I'd like to ask you.
There's one thing I can do to help.
There's only one bath towel in our bathroom.
There's only one model missing in my collection.
There's only one thing left for me to do.
There's only one way to find out how to do that. Ask Tom.
There's really no reason for you to go to Boston.
There's so much I want to say to you.
There's so much I want to show you.
There's so much I want to tell you.
There's something about him that just doesn't sit right with me.
There's something about this translation that isn't quite right.
There's something about Tom that I don't like.
There's something else I need to discuss with you.
There's something else I need to tell you.
There's something else I want to show you.
There's something happening here that I don't quite understand.
There's something I have to let you know right away.
There's something I have to talk to you about.
There's something I need to do right now.
There's something I need to say to you.
There's something I need to take care of.
There's something I need to talk with you about.
There's something I need to tell you before you leave.
There's something I think you need to know.
There's something I want to discuss with you.
There's something I'd like to discuss with you.
There's something I'd like to talk to you about.
There's something I'd like you to take a look at.
There's something important I need to tell you.
There's something that I'd like to talk to you about.
There's still a fair bit of work to be done.
There's still a lot of work to do.
There's still plenty that needs to be done.
There's still something we've got to do before we leave.
There've been times when doing that has caused us problems.
These are decisions I want to make alone.
These are just guidelines, not hard and fast rules.
These are just routine questions we ask everyone.
These are my books and those are his books.
These are my books, and those are his books.
These are my brother and sister, Tom and Mary.
These are my only pair of work gloves.
These are my shoes and those are yours.
These are the best bags on the market.
These are the names of the people I'm looking for.
These are the people who live next door.
These are the shoes I bought last week.
These are the shoes that I bought last week.
These are the steps that lead straight to failure.
These books are mine and those books are his.
These books are worth reading at least once.
These cardboard boxes are a hundred per cent recyclable.
These clothes are dirty and need to be washed.
These clothes are not appropriate for a cold winter day.
These cookies aren't expensive, but they taste good.
These days, most clothing is imported from China.
These days, the motives for marriage are not necessarily pure.
These empty boxes take up too much space.
These events transpired while the senator was still in office.
These flowers are not only beautiful but also fragrant.
These flowers aren't only beautiful, but they smell nice.
These gadgets seem to be of no use.
These glasses do not fit me well. They are too large.
These grapes are so sour that I can't eat them.
These houses were burnt down to the ground by the enemy.
These items must be returned to their rightful owner.
These kinds of mistakes are easy to overlook.
These kinds of storms can occur without warning.
These must be worth at least three hundred dollars.
These new computers can crunch data faster than ever.
These new curtains don't go well with the rugs.
These novels have also been published in French.
These oaks are over a hundred years old.
These oil fields have only begun to be tapped.
These people are desperate and devoid of hope.
These people trust you and count on you.
These problems have arisen as the result of your carelessness.
These problems will be solved in the near future.
These scissors are suitable for left and right-handed people.
These shoes are so tight that I can't put them on.
These shoes are too small for me to put on.
These shoes are way too small for me.
These simple tips will help you declutter your home.
These two actors are also a couple in real life.
These two are very different from each other.
These wild flowers give off a nice smell.
They accused him of being part of the plot.
They accused me of having broken my promise.
They accused the president of not caring about the common man.
They achieved what they set out to do.
They admired the fine view from the hill.
They admired the scenic view from the hill.
They advertised that they had a house for sale.
They agreed to investigate the cause of the incident.
They agreed to work together on the project.
They all stood up at the same time.
They all want to talk about Tom's book.
They announced that they were getting a divorce.
They announced that they were going to have a party.
They announced the date of their wedding in the newspaper.
They are afraid that nuclear war will break out.
They are appealing for money to help refugees.
They are as different as day and night.
They are both working at the pet store.
They are chiseling a statue out of marble.
They are filibustering to prevent the bill from passing.
They are going to exhibit many famous old paintings at the gallery.
They are going to get married in the town hall.
They are going to give a party the day after tomorrow.
They are hardly likely to come at this late hour.
They are just going to the store over there.
They are looking for a house to live in.
They are matters which we need to discuss.
They are more or less the same size.
They are negotiating to reach a satisfactory compromise.
They are no more alike than a cow and a canary.
They are not very different from anybody else.
They are now either in Kyoto or in Osaka.
They are on good terms with each other.
They are rowing a boat on the pond.
They are saving their money for the purchase of a house.
They are sitting in the kitchen and drinking tea.
They are talking about what they will sing.
They are talking over a cup of coffee in the cafeteria.
They are the only students who study Chinese.
They are used to the humid climate of the summer.
They are very proud of being students of that college.
They aren't children any more, but not adults yet.
They aren't the kind of people you should want to be friends with.
They argue a lot, but for the most part they get along quite well together.
They argue that the distribution of wealth should be equitable.
They arrived at the foot of the mountain.
They arrived in Paris at the same time.
They arrived just in time for the last train.
They asked a lot of questions about my past experience.
They asked his older brother to help them do their homework.
They asked me for my name, my address, and the purpose of my trip.
They attempted in vain to bribe the witness.
They attributed his bad manners to lack of training in childhood.
They awarded her first prize at the flower show.
They began to import liquor illegally to sell for high prices.
They built a town in an area where two rivers met.
They built their empire in Peru about five hundred years ago.
They buried him in the graveyard by the church.
They called for an end to the fighting.
They came to terms with each other on how to start a joint venture.
They came to the conclusion that the ship must have sunk.
They came up with a plan after a long discussion.
They can come on Monday or Tuesday, but not on Wednesday or Thursday.
They can make the same product much more cheaply.
They can produce the same goods at a far lower cost.
They carried the injured player away on a stretcher.
They caught a lot of fish at the river.
They caught him playing a trick on his sister.
They celebrated his success by opening a bottle of wine.
They chartered a bus for the firm's outing.
They checked to see if the machine was defective.
They complained of the room being too hot.
They concluded that he had told a lie.
They condemned him for his cruelty to animals.
They contrived to arrive in time after all.
They couldn't find out why your car won't start.
They cut a hole in the ice and swam in the freezing water.
They deal in fruit and vegetables at that store.
They decided on the date and location of their wedding.
They decided to pull down the old building.
They decided to put an end to the discussion.
They decided to settle in a suburb of London.
They defused the bomb before it could blow up.
They demonstrated against the raising of the tuition fees.
They did it in front of the staff.
They did not feel like playing any more.
They did not have much food to eat.
They did not know it was impossible, so they did it.
They did not wish to become embroiled in the dispute.
They didn't know what to do with him.
They didn't so much as hint at it.
They didn't want to listen to what I had to say.
They didn't want to spend much time talking about it.
They diverted the river to supply water somewhere else.
They do not know how to do it.
They do not waste anything nor throw anything away.
They don't have to go to school today.
They don't know what they should do with the money.
They don't let anyone enter without special permission.
They don't make 'em like they used to.
They don't make them like they used to.
They don't need to do it right away.
They don't understand me when I speak German.
They don't want us to see what they're doing.
They dreamed they'd gain the right to vote someday.
They dug through the mountain and built a tunnel.
They elect their representatives in a voting booth.
They ended capitalism and built a socialist society.
They entered into a discussion about the issue.
They established a Japanese language class for the refugees.
They explored every avenue in an attempt to avoid war.
They fed a black and a white dog.
They felt many emotions on their wedding day.
They fine you in Singapore if you throw trash in the streets.
They fought for the sake of their country.
They found a secluded beach where they spent the day.
They found gunshot residue on the victim's hand.
They gathered at a farm in New York State.
They gathered at the coffee shop for a meeting.
They gave a piece of cake to Tom.
They gave him both material and spiritual support.
They gave up their plan to climb Mt. Fuji.
They got married when they were still young.
They got the short end of the stick.
They had a dent in the rear door.
They had a lot of children to provide for.
They had been saving money for the trip for a year.
They had been thinking about it for some time.
They had had to use what money they had.
They had no beards, no hair and no eyebrows.
They had no money to buy concert tickets with.
They had to change their schedule because the train arrived late.
They had to endure great hardship during the war.
They had to find the strongest candidate possible.
They had to read the book many times.
They hate each other from the bottoms of their hearts.
They have a very good curriculum at that university.
They have been good neighbors to this day.
They have enough capital to build a second factory.
They have four children: three girls and a boy.
They have lost 10 games in a row since their winning streak ended.
They have no reason not to let you stay.
They have practiced this custom for many years.
They have solved the problem once and for all.
They have time to spend with their families or to enjoy their hobbies.
They have to fix the water pipe. It's clogged.
They have to live on his small income.
They have us out-gunned, but we'll have the element of surprise.
They heard a gun go off in the distance.
They helped one another to make the school festival a success.
They hope their delivery truck will be repaired by the end of the week.
They hoped for even better days to come.
They hoped to sell the stocks at even higher prices.
They hung streamers from the ceiling in preparation for the party.
They hurried to the scene of the accident.
They invited her to go to the party.
They jumped into the water one after another.
They jumped through a window into the river.
They just padded the report to make it look more impressive.
They just want an excuse to fire you.
They just want to get to know you.
They just wanted to ask me a few questions.
They kept flashing that light in my eyes.
They kept him waiting outside for a long time.
They kept it secret that they were in love.
They kept singing until a rescue team came.
They kicked him out of the disco without any explanation.
They kidnapped me, drugged me, and then brainwashed me.
They killed a goat as a sacrifice to the gods.
They killed Tom as an example to the other prisoners.
They kissed in the back of the car.
They knew exactly how much of a risk they'd be taking.
They knew how much danger they were in.
They knew how much danger they'd be in.
They knew they must fight together to defeat the common enemy.
They knocked on the door and said they had come to arrest him.
They know how to make an atomic bomb.
They know the importance of protecting the earth.
They know things these people want to know.
They left before the end of the performance.
They left it to me to decide on a gift.
They like ragtime, jazz and music with a swing to it.
They liked having more space for their children to play.
They live in a city close to Beijing.
They live in a rundown tenement on 5th St.
They live in that house among the trees.
They live on a small island off the coast of Greece.
They live on the 12th floor of this condo.
They live on the other side of the river.
They lived in a very small house at the end of a long, gray street.
They lived on farms or in small towns.
They look just like rats leaving a sinking ship.
They looked at the photo taken of me when I was a boy and laughed.
They looked up to him as their leader.
They lost no time in getting the sick man to a hospital.
They lost the key to their hotel room.
They love to give parties all the time.
They made him work from morning till night.
They made me wait for a long time.
They manage to get along without much money.
They met for the first time in London.
They might pay me more if I could use a computer.
They mined iron in this town for 350 years.
They must be crazy to believe such nonsense.
They needed to trade with them for food.
They never did what they said they would do.
They often heard him speak ill of others.
They played quite a few Ella Fitzgerald songs.
They prefer the shadows rather than the spotlight.
They probably saw our ship come into port.
They pursued the enemy as far as the river.
They put off their departure due to the heavy snow.
They raised their glasses and toasted to their success.
They refused to give up their way of life.
They refused to help her in any way.
They regarded him as the best doctor in town.
They regarded the man as a danger to society.
They renewed their vows on their 25th wedding anniversary.
They rented the room on the second floor to a student.
They rented the upstairs room to a student.
They replaced the broken television with a new one.
They replaced the defective TV with a new one.
They said he was still weak from a recent sickness.
They said it would be ready on time.
They said that contact with the plane had been lost.
They said there wasn't enough time for a full investigation.
They said they would accept the committee's decision as final.
They sailed along the west coast of Africa.
They saluted each other by raising their hats.
They sat around the table to play cards.
They sat in a semicircle around the fire.
They sat in the shade of a tree.
They sat in the shade of that big tree.
They sat on a bench in the park.
They sat on the bench, looking at the moon.
They saw us as they were getting off the train.
They say amniotic fluid has roughly the same composition as sea water.
They say dogs hear better than we do. Is that true?
They say she is the kindest woman on earth.
They say that a family that eats together, stays together.
They say that a large dam will be built.
They say that eating more slowly is one way to eat less.
They say that Firefox is downloaded over 8 million times a day.
They say that girls spend more time worrying about how they look than boys do.
They say that he has been dead for two years.
They say that he is the richest person in the world.
They say that in America anyone can become president, but perhaps that's not really true.
They say that no two snowflakes are the same.
They say that Venice is a beautiful city.
They say that you never forget your first love.
They say that you never get over your first love.
They say there are ghosts in this old house.
They say they cannot compete with low-priced foreign products.
They say they can't compete with low-priced foreign products.
They say we'll have an earthquake one of these days.
They searched here and there looking for survivors.
They seem to be in love with each other.
They seemed to be discussing a matter of great importance.
They sell various kinds of goods at that store.
They set a new record for the longest kiss.
They set fire to their neighbor's house in revenge.
They set the time and place of the wedding.
They set up a new company in London.
They shook hands when they met at the airport.
They shot down two enemy planes during the raid.
They shot the film in an actual desert.
They should go, regardless of whether they're men or women.
They should have the right to decide for themselves.
They should have told us they were moving out.
They shouldn't let children swim in that river.
They showed me a lot of nice pictures.
They sleep in separate bedrooms even though they're married.
They slept in the car because they couldn't find a hotel.
They spent the entire day on the beach.
They spent the whole day at the beach.
They spied on him while he was bathing.
They split up after a year of marriage.
They started to sell a new type of car in Tokyo.
They stayed in the room with me for the whole night.
They still haven't found a buyer for that house.
They stood on the top of the hill.
They stopped talking as soon as I came into the room.
They studied the map to find a short cut.
They supplied the soldiers with enough food and water.
They survived, even though the building was destroyed.
They talked me into staying a little longer.
They think the owner of the house is studying abroad.
They thought it would be too expensive to build a factory here.
They told me I had to help you.
They told me not to do that here.
They told me that I was overqualified for this job.
They told me to stay in the car.
They took a sample of my blood at the hospital.
They took turns drinking from the water fountain.
They tortured the prisoner first and then killed him.
They usually go to school from Monday to Friday.
They waited on the porch until it stopped raining.
They walked down the street, singing a song.
They walked with him to an old wooden building near the farmhouse.
They want a few more hours to finish the report.
They want to increase food production by growing new kinds of rice.
They want to know what your plan is.
They want to participate in the Olympic Games.
They want to talk to you a moment.
They want us to come in right away.
They wanted a wedding picture in front of the Eiffel Tower.
They wanted to ban slavery everywhere in the United States.
They wanted to oust the communist government of Fidel Castro.
They wanted to win the war quickly and return to normal life.
They welcomed me warmly, so I felt at home.
They went into the woods for a picnic.
They went on a trip a few days ago.
They went on a trip abroad for the first time.
They went on an expedition to the Antarctic.
They went on an expedition to the North Pole.
They went to the zoo by bus yesterday.
They were able to identify him by his wrist watch.
They were accused of supplying arms to terrorists.
They were all surprised to see me there.
They were badly injured in a car accident.
They were beginning to lose faith in their commander.
They were born one month apart in 1970.
They were clearing the snow from the sidewalk with a shovel.
They were disappointed that you could not come.
They were even more interested in his beautiful wife.
They were in a hurry to get home.
They were in that room with me all night.
They were in the right place at the right time.
They were low enough in cost so many Americans could buy them.
They were lucky that Tom didn't hurt them.
They were never to return to their country.
They were out of breath after swimming across the river.
They were pretty tired after having worked all day.
They were ready to run the risk of being shot by the enemy.
They were so frightened that they couldn't move an inch.
They were standing still with their eyes wide open.
They were stuck for hours in a traffic jam.
They were stuck in the elevator for four hours.
They were stupid not to follow your advice.
They were transferred from one office to another.
They were very tired, hungry, and thirsty that night.
They were waiting for the gate to open.
They were walking along the street arm in arm.
They were washing the sand off their feet.
They will demolish the building and replace it with a park.
They will go to the woods to pick mushrooms, weather permitting.
They will have a good laugh when they see you like this.
They will have to cut down their expenses.
They will tear down the old building in two days.
They won us over with their small-town hospitality.
They won't allow me to do what I'm being paid to do.
They won't allow us to enter the garden.
They worked each day from the time the sun rose until it set.
They worked together to put out the fire.
They would not fight to free the slaves.
They wouldn't have cancelled the game if it hadn't rained so heavily.
They'd find a way to do whatever they want to do anyway.
They'll be so happy to have Tom back.
They'll get out of class in forty minutes.
They'll stop at nothing to achieve their political goals.
They're both in love with the same girl.
They're both in love with the same guy.
They're considered the greatest rock band in history.
They're dimming the lights. The play is about to begin.
They're eating dinner now in the dining room.
They're experiencing white water rafting on a class five river.
They're giving a big ball at the American Embassy tonight.
They're going to have a party next week.
They're having a social at the church tonight.
They're here until the end of the week.
They're hoping the wheat harvest will be good this year.
They're just like rats leaving a sinking ship.
They're more scared of you than you are of them.
They're not going to be able to find the hotel.
They're not going to give you this job.
They're taking the freight out of the train car.
They're too busy to talk to you now.
They've been on good terms with their neighbors.
Things are changing so fast it scares me.
Things are not like they used to be.
Things change from time to time, and one should change with them.
Things didn't turn out the way Tom expected.
Things don't always turn out the way we plan.
Things just haven't been the same since you left.
Things might've turned out better if you hadn't gone there.
Things seem to be getting worse and worse.
Things took a sudden turn for the worse.
Things were never quite the same after that.
Think about what you say before you say it.
Think it over and let me know what you decide.
Think it over and tell me what you decide.
Think of what you are reading while you are reading it.
Thirteen people were killed in the train wreck.
This afternoon the weather is going to get worse.
This air conditioner consumes a lot of electricity.
This air conditioner uses a lot of electricity.
This airplane is capable of carrying 40 passengers at a time.
This apartment is bigger than any other one in the building.
This app automatically signs you in when you open it.
This article is more interesting than the previous one.
This article reminds me of something I saw on TV.
This article was written by a college professor.
This author is critical of the mainstream media.
This bad weather is more than I bargained for.
This bakery has the best pastries in town.
This beautiful autumn weather we've been having makes up for the wet summer.
This bed is too hard to sleep on.
This bed is way too soft for me.
This bicycle is old, but it's better than nothing.
This big sofa is really not suitable for a small room.
This bomb can kill a lot of people.
This book deals with the invasion of the Romans.
This book has a number of mistakes, but it's interesting.
This book has been translated into several languages.
This book hasn't yet been translated into French.
This book is a good guide for beginners.
This book is available at one shop only.
This book is easy enough for children to read.
This book is easy enough for them to read.
This book is easy for me to read.
This book is for students whose native language is not Japanese.
This book is hard for me to read.
This book is mine, but the one on the table is yours.
This book is much more interesting than that one.
This book is much more useful than that one.
This book is pretty easy for me to read.
This book is so difficult that I can't read it.
This book is surprisingly easy to read, isn't it?
This book is too difficult for me to read.
This book is too difficult for you to read.
This book is too difficult to read in a week.
This book is too large to go in my pocket.
This book is way more interesting than that one.
This book is worth reading again and again.
This book is worth reading more than once.
This book is written in simple English, so it should be easy for you to read.
This book isn't as heavy as that book.
This book isn't as heavy as that one.
This book made quite an impression on me.
This book was easy for me to read.
This book was given to me by Tom.
This book will be very useful to us.
This book will give you a clear idea of the American way of life.
This bowling ball is too heavy for me.
This box is too heavy for me to carry.
This box is very heavy, so I can't carry it.
This bread is really delicious. Where did you buy it?
This bridge has become a meeting place for young people.
This building is on the verge of collapsing.
This bus will take you to the museum.
This bus will take you to the station.
This cake contains flour, milk, eggs and sugar.
This cake tastes like it has cheese in it.
This camel is so tame that anyone can ride it.
This camera is less expensive than that one.
This camera is the one that Tom bought last Thursday.
This can't be the way to do it.
This can't be what I think it is.
This car is as big as that car.
This car is my father's, but it'll soon be mine.
This car is too expensive for me to buy.
This car was cheap enough for him to buy.
This car was so cheap that he could afford it.
This car was so cheap that he could buy it.
This chair is made out of recycled materials.
This chair is very comfortable, but I don't like the color.
This chapter will focus on the concepts of geometry.
This cheese is the best I've ever tasted.
This child believes that the earth is flat.
This child solved the complicated mathematics problem easily.
This city is 1,600 meters above sea level.
This city is famous for its beautiful park.
This climate is having a bad effect on your health.
This coffee is so hot that I can't drink it.
This coffee is too hot for me to drink.
This color is a bit darker than that one.
This company has been in the cross hairs of regulators for years.
This company has been spying on its employees.
This company is indifferent to the safety of its workers.
This company is listed on the Paris stock exchange.
This company uses cheap labor to increase its profit margins.
This computer's a lot faster than my old one.
This condo is getting old. Why don't we redecorate to give it a fresh feel?
This cookbook has recipes for every imaginable occasion.
This could be construed as an act of terrorism.
This could be construed as an act of treason.
This course teaches basic skills in first aid.
This custom dates back to the 12th century.
This dam supplies us with water and electricity.
This desk is a little low for me.
This desk is a little too low for me.
This desk is different from the one I ordered.
This dictionary has been of great use to me.
This dictionary is without a doubt the best.
This doesn't make a whole lot of sense.
This doesn't seem to be a serious problem.
This dog is trained to smell out drugs.
This doll is a gift from my aunt.
This dress is much too large for me.
This elevator is out of order. Please use the stairs.
This encyclopaedia is convenient for looking up things.
This English novel is not easy enough for you to read in a week.
This evening we can meet in the cocktail lounge of the hotel.
This experience will be invaluable as a way of improving the way I study English.
This factory can turn out 200 cars a day.
This figure is supposed to represent Marilyn Monroe, but I don't think it does her justice.
This financial audit also includes an evaluation of the company's assets.
This flower is more beautiful than that one.
This flower is more beautiful than that rose.
This flower is the most beautiful of all flowers.
This flower is yellow and the others are blue.
This flower is yellow, but all the others are blue.
This form looks kind of complicated. Help me fill it out.
This form must be filled out in triplicate.
This fruit's not ripe enough to pick yet.
This furniture is as old as I am.
This furniture was in my apartment when I moved in.
This gives me the strength to go on.
This golf course is not open to non-members.
This guidebook might be of use to you on your trip.
This guitar is so expensive that I can't afford to buy it.
This hamster is small enough to carry in your pocket.
This has been happening quite a lot lately.
This has nothing to do with what we were talking about.
This has shaken my faith in the institutions of government.
This hat is a little too small for me.
This hat is too small. Please show me another one.
This heater won't heat up that large room.
This highway saves us a lot of time.
This history book is written for high school students.
This hospital has a lot of brand-new equipment.
This hotel has a magnificent view of the sea.
This hotel is better than the other one.
This house is large enough for your family to live in.
This house is made out of sustainable materials.
This house is too small to live in.
This house is very comfortable to live in.
This house will not sell as it stands.
This hut is in danger of falling down.
This increase in unemployment is a consequence of the recession.
This information isn't as up-to-date as it should be.
This ingredient is used in traditional Chinese medicine.
This intense heat doesn't seem to bother you.
This investment is the opportunity of a lifetime.
This is a bit too tight around my neck.
This is a book that my teacher recommended that I read.
This is a cargo ship, not a passenger ship.
This is a common mistake that tends to trip up beginners.
This is a difficult time for all of us.
This is a doghouse that I made myself.
This is a dream that'll never come true.
This is a free sample. It doesn't cost anything.
This is a good book for children to read.
This is a good dictionary for high school students.
This is a good place to pitch a tent.
This is a good place to pitch our tent.
This is a limited time offer to new customers only.
This is a list of what I want for Christmas.
This is a list of what we need.
This is a little something I bought for you.
This is a lot harder than I thought it would be.
This is a lot more fun than I thought it would be.
This is a lot more fun than studying.
This is a matter of life or death.
This is a matter of the utmost gravity.
This is a matter of the utmost importance.
This is a much higher price than I expected.
This is a nice place for a picnic.
This is a nice restaurant. Thanks for bringing me here.
This is a nice way to start the day.
This is a night I won't ever forget.
This is a picture of one of my dogs.
This is a picture of the ship I was on.
This is a picture of Tom and Mary.
This is a poem I wrote for you.
This is a portrait of my late father.
This is a problem that you need to take care of yourself.
This is a problem you have to solve by yourself.
This is a proverb that I don't understand.
This is a secret. Keep it to yourself.
This is a sentence that has the syllable count of a haiku.
This is a snapshot of my wife on the beach.
This is a special day for all of us.
This is a story about love and friendship.
This is a tropical storm. It'll be over soon.
This is a very important day for us.
This is a warning that we must take seriously.
This is all I can do for you.
This is all that is known so far.
This is always the way it has been.
This is an express train. It won't make many stops.
This is an institution for the criminally insane.
This is arguably the best hotel in the area.
This is by far the best novel that has been published this year.
This is by far the best of all.
This is by far the best seafood restaurant in this area.
This is by far the most interesting of all his novels.
This is by far the tallest building in this city.
This is considered to be a matter of great importance.
This is even better than it was before.
This is exactly the book that I want to read.
This is exactly what I didn't want to happen.
This is exactly what I expected from you.
This is exactly what I wanted to see.
This is exactly what Tom predicted would happen.
This is going to be a long day.
This is going to be the hottest summer in thirty-six years.
This is going to happen a lot from now on.
This is going to require a long steady effort.
This is going to take a long time.
This is going to work. I know it.
This is harder than I thought it would be.
This is how we've got to know each other.
This is just a symptom of a much bigger problem.
This is just the book I was looking for.
This is just the type of car I want.
This is just what I was hoping for.
This is just what I was looking for.
This is just what Tom predicted would happen.
This is like fighting someone with one arm tied behind your back.
This is like putting an arsonist as head of a fire department.
This is longer than any other bridge in the world.
This is my favorite place in this city.
This is my first time, so I'm a little nervous.
This is my last chance to do this before I go to Boston.
This is my problem and I'll deal with it.
This is no time to quibble over terminology.
This is not something I am proud of.
This is not the time or the place.
This is one of the best Christmases I've ever had.
This is one of the best restaurants in the city.
This is one of the best restaurants in town.
This is one of the best schools in the city.
This is one of the best schools in the country.
This is one of the most bizarre things I've ever seen.
This is one of the most dangerous places on earth.
This is one of the most influential novels of the past 30 years.
This is one of the most popular restaurants in town.
This is one of the things he always says.
This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen.
This is one of the worst movies that I've ever seen.
This is only a symptom of a deeper problem.
This is only the tip of the iceberg.
This is our first Christmas here in Australia.
This is our first Christmas here in Boston.
This is our last chance to do that.
This is someone I want you to meet.
This is something I need to do alone.
This is something that I want to do.
This is something that you really need to try.
This is something that's never been done before.
This is something you need to do alone.
This is sometimes called the walk of shame.
This is the beginning of a new era.
This is the best book I have ever read.
This is the best book I've ever read.
This is the best book that I've ever read.
This is the best camera in the store.
This is the best Christmas I've had in years.
This is the best Christmas present I've ever received.
This is the best gift I've ever received.
This is the best horse in the stable.
This is the best Indian restaurant that I've ever eaten at.
This is the best method to solve that problem.
This is the best movie I've seen in a long time.
This is the best party I've been to all year.
This is the best ramen I've ever tasted.
This is the best restaurant I know of.
This is the best restaurant that I know.
This is the best seafood restaurant in the neighborhood.
This is the best ship I've ever been on.
This is the best song on the album.
This is the best tasting pear I've ever eaten.
This is the best time of the year.
This is the biggest apple I've ever seen.
This is the biggest hotel in this city.
This is the book I told you about.
This is the book I want to buy.
This is the book I want to give my mother.
This is the book I want to read.
This is the book I was talking about.
This is the book I've been looking for.
This is the book that I bought yesterday.
This is the book that I told you about.
This is the book that I want to read.
This is the book that you're looking for.
This is the boy who found your watch.
This is the car I spoke of the other day.
This is the church where we got married.
This is the craziest thing I've ever heard.
This is the craziest thing I've ever seen.
This is the culmination of years of work.
This is the dictionary I told you about yesterday.
This is the dictionary I use every day.
This is the doghouse that I made myself.
This is the dress I made last week.
This is the end of the world as we know it.
This is the fastest car in our showroom.
This is the fifth concert by this orchestra.
This is the first thing I do each morning.
This is the first time I've been away from my family for more than three weeks.
This is the first time I've ever disagreed with Tom.
This is the first time I've ever written a letter in French.
This is the first time I've had seaweed.
This is the first time I've seen anything like this.
This is the first time that I've cut my finger with a knife.
This is the first time that I've eaten in an Italian pizzeria.
This is the first time that I've ever seen anybody do that.
This is the funniest movie I've ever seen.
This is the girl you wanted to see.
This is the guide who took us around the castle.
This is the hardest thing I've ever done.
This is the hat I've been looking for.
This is the heaviest snowfall we've ever had.
This is the hospital I was born in.
This is the hospital where Tom was born.
This is the hottest summer we have had in fifty years.
This is the hottest summer we've had in thirty years.
This is the house he was born in.
This is the house I grew up in.
This is the house I lived in when I was young.
This is the house I used to live in.
This is the house in which he was born.
This is the house where he was brought up.
This is the house where I lived as a child.
This is the house where I lived when I was a child.
This is the house where I lived when I was young.
This is the house where I used to live when I was young.
This is the house where I was born.
This is the house where she used to live.
This is the house where that poet lived when he was a child.
This is the house which was designed by a famous architect.
This is the key I've been looking for.
This is the key that I've been looking for.
This is the key that opened that door.
This is the key that opens that door.
This is the kind of music that I really enjoy.
This is the lady I spoke of yesterday.
This is the lady who wants to see you.
This is the largest dictionary there is in this library.
This is the largest temple that I've ever seen.
This is the last call for Flight 333 to Boston.
This is the last letter Tom ever wrote.
This is the last message I ever plan to send to you.
This is the last place I want to be right now.
This is the last time I'll ask you to do anything for me.
This is the last time I'm going to remind you.
This is the last time I'm telling you to do that.
This is the least expensive method of all.
This is the magazine I spoke to you about.
This is the main street of this city.
This is the man I've been waiting for.
This is the man that I see every day on the train.
This is the man who's suspected by the police.
This is the moment we've been waiting for.
This is the most comfortable chair in our house.
This is the most comfortable chair I've ever sat in.
This is the most comfortable chair I've sat on in a long time.
This is the most enjoyable thing I've ever done.
This is the most interesting book I've ever read.
This is the most interesting novel I've ever read.
This is the most massive structure I've ever seen.
This is the news I've been waiting for.
This is the office in which he works.
This is the only pair of shoes I have.
This is the only thing I care about.
This is the palace the king and queen live in.
This is the pen that he signed the document with.
This is the pen that I lost yesterday.
This is the pencil that she used to write it.
This is the perfect place for an ambush.
This is the person I talked about the other day.
This is the picture that I painted yesterday.
This is the place I told Tom about.
This is the place I told you about.
This is the place where my father was born.
This is the place where the battle took place.
This is the place where the incident happened.
This is the place where Tom was born.
This is the reason I disagree with you.
This is the reason why he did it.
This is the reason why I didn't come yesterday.
This is the restaurant that I often eat at.
This is the restaurant where we had dinner last week.
This is the room where the author committed suicide.
This is the rough draft of the peace treaty.
This is the same necklace that I lost yesterday.
This is the same type of car as my father has.
This is the same watch that I lost a week ago.
This is the second longest river in Japan.
This is the shortest way to the station.
This is the strangest thing I've ever done.
This is the stupidest thing I've ever done.
This is the tallest building in the city.
This is the third longest river in the world.
This is the third time I've been here.
This is the third time this week Tom has done that.
This is the town where he was born.
This is the town where I was born.
This is the unforgettable place where we met each other for the first time.
This is the very best way to do it.
This is the very dictionary I've been looking for.
This is the very place that I have long wanted to visit.
This is the village where he was born.
This is the village where I spent my childhood.
This is the village where I was born.
This is the village where my father was born.
This is the watch that I bought yesterday.
This is the watch that I lost a week ago.
This is the way they capture elephants alive.
This is the window which was broken by the boy.
This is the woman I told you about.
This is the worst book I've ever read.
This is the worst movie I have ever seen.
This is the worst storm in ten years.
This is the worst thing I've ever done.
This is the worst thing that has ever happened to me!
This is too good a chance to miss.
This is true of adults as well as of children.
This is way better than what you wrote before.
This is what happens when you don't pay attention to what you're doing.
This is what I can do for you.
This is what I do for a living.
This is what I found in the cave.
This is what is called a 'present' in some countries and 'bribery' in others.
This is what I've always wanted to do.
This is what Tom gave me last Christmas.
This is where I absolutely disagree with you.
This is where I brought my girlfriend on our first date.
This is where I was born and brought up.
This is where they usually have their evening meals.
This is why he got angry with you.
This is why I don't have a boyfriend.
This is why I want to talk to Tom.
This island belonged to France in the 19th century.
This isn't a great job, but it helps pay the bills.
This isn't exactly how I pictured it would be.
This isn't exactly what I had in mind.
This isn't my first time riding a bicycle.
This isn't my umbrella. It belongs to someone else.
This isn't quite what I had in mind.
This isn't the first time I've done this.
This isn't the first time that it's snowed in Boston on Christmas Day.
This isn't the first time that this has happened.
This isn't the first time this has happened.
This isn't the kind of cheese that I usually buy.
This isn't the right way to do this.
This isn't the time or the place to do that.
This isn't the time to talk about that.
This isn't too hard for you, is it?
This job isn't as easy as it looks.
This job shouldn't take more than a couple of hours.
This job will provide you with valuable experience.
This kind of book is of no use to us.
This kind of cat doesn't have a tail.
This kind of mistake is easy to overlook.
This kind of specialized knowledge has very little to do with daily life.
This kind of thing happens all the time.
This kind of thing usually takes a long time.
This kind of thing will never happen again.
This kind of weather makes me want to stay indoors.
This kind of wood is tough to saw through.
This kind of work requires a lot of patience.
This knife is so dull that it can't cut.
This knife was given to me by my grandfather.
This lake is among the deepest in the country.
This law can be interpreted in many ways.
This letter is personal, and I don't want anyone else to read it.
This letter was never meant to be sent.
This lid is so tight I can't open it.
This lid is too tight for me to open.
This little program will be very useful, especially if you often do interest rate calculations.
This local newspaper is published once a week.
This looks like a good spot for fishing.
This looks longer than that, but it is an optical illusion.
This machine cranks out a thousand screws an hour.
This mall is so big that I can't find the exit.
This matter isn't something we should be discussing here in public.
This may be a solution to the problem.
This may be our only chance to help Tom.
This medicine is still not sold in pharmacies.
This medicine must not be placed within the reach of children.
This medicine will ensure you a good night's sleep.
This melon sounds hollow. Maybe that's why it was so cheap.
This melon will be good to eat tomorrow.
This message turned out to be a little hard for me to write.
This might be the last time we ever see each other.
This might not be such a good idea.
This might not have anything to do with our problem.
This money will allow me to buy a car.
This monument is dedicated to the soldiers who gave their lives to their country.
This morning I got up earlier than usual.
This morning I missed the 8:30 train by five minutes.
This morning I missed the train I usually take.
This morning, I was woken up by the telephone.
This mountain has an altitude of 3,000 meters.
This mountain is covered with snow all year long.
This mountain is covered with snow all year round.
This movement from rural to urban areas has been going on for over two hundred years.
This movie is for adults, not for children.
This movie is not anything like as exciting as that one.
This museum has a magnificent collection of modern art.
This museum has been closed for five years.
This national park is full of beautiful scenery.
This necklace is so beautiful that I'd like to buy it for my wife.
This needs to be nipped in the bud.
This never would've happened if you'd done it the way I told you to do it.
This new application claims to be user friendly. Well, it isn't.
This newspaper article is more interesting than the previous one.
This novel has also been translated into French.
This novel is too difficult for me to read.
This novel was written by a famous American writer.
This novel was written by an American writer.
This oil painting dates from the 17th century.
This oil well produces more than 100 barrels per day.
This old building isn't worth fixing up. It would be better to tear it down.
This old car breaks down all the time.
This old car is yours if you want it.
This one has a lot of advantages over that one.
This one is as good as that one.
This one's crowded, so let's take the next train.
This painting is worth a great deal of money.
This painting isn't worth the price you're asking.
This paragraph is well written, but there is a mistake in the last sentence.
This part of the library is closed to the public.
This part of the museum is temporarily off-limits to visitors.
This part of the river is too shallow for a canoe.
This particular model has a really low battery life.
This party is kind of boring, don't you think?
This pen is very easy to write with.
This pencil is yours. Mine is on the desk.
This photo is the only one in which the entire family can be seen.
This photo is too blurry. I can't make out your face.
This photograph is more than one hundred years old.
This piano has probably not been tuned for years.
This picture must have been taken in 1964.
This picture reminds me of when I was a student.
This piece of information is very important to us.
This piece of music is way too difficult for me to play.
This place gives me a really bad vibe.
This place has a mysterious atmosphere to it.
This place hasn't been the same since you left.
This place is arguably the best restaurant in London.
This place is famous for its scenic beauty.
This plan is far from perfect, but it's the best plan we have.
This poem was written by an anonymous poet.
This poison is very effective in getting rid of roaches.
This policy is sure to go a long way towards stimulating business.
This pond doesn't go dry even in the summer.
This pond isn't deep enough to swim in.
This probably won't end all of our problems.
This problem is difficult for me to solve.
This problem is not so difficult that you can't solve it.
This problem is too difficult for grade school children to solve.
This problem is too difficult for primary school children to solve.
This problem may be solved in a variety of ways.
This product is intended for private use only.
This program is brought to you by the following sponsors.
This question can't be answered with an unqualified yes or no.
This railing is not as stable as it could be.
This report is badly written and is full of mistakes.
This report leaves a lot to be desired.
This restaurant is famous for its excellent cuisine.
This restaurant lives up to all the rave reviews it got.
This ring is a magic item that gives great power to its user.
This ring is made of gold and silver.
This river is shallow enough to wade to the other side.
This river is very dangerous to swim in.
This river isn't deep enough for this kind of boat.
This river looks like it's going to overflow.
This road follows the shoreline for the next thirty kilometers.
This road is too narrow for trucks to pass.
This road will lead you to the center of town.
This road will take you to the station.
This room is very small, so it is impossible to put more furniture in it.
This rug was made without the use of child labor.
This rule cannot be applied to that case.
This rule can't be applied to every situation.
This rule can't be applied to that case.
This rule does not apply to the case.
This scandal will likely ruin your chances of being elected.
This screwdriver is too small to be any use.
This seems like a good place to pitch a tent.
This semester I failed two students for plagiarism.
This series will be remembered for a long time to come.
This ship is too big to pass through the canal.
This shirt is too small for me to wear.
This shop has more candy than that shop.
This should be done as soon as possible.
This should be obvious, but apparently it's not.
This should be taken as a serious warning.
This should only take a few more minutes.
This shouldn't come as a surprise to anyone.
This side of the house catches the morning sun.
This software package has a suggested retail price of $99.
This song always reminds me of my school days.
This song makes me cry every time I listen to it.
This song reminds me of my junior high school days.
This song reminds me of someone I used to know.
This sort of music is not my cup of tea.
This sort of music is not to everyone's taste.
This sort of tree is very common in our country.
This sort of work calls for a lot of patience.
This steak is as tough as shoe leather.
This stone was so heavy that I could not lift it.
This stone was too heavy for me to lift.
This store doesn't stay open as late as I'd like.
This storm is not dangerous. You don't need to worry.
This story is based on a true story.
This story is far more interesting than that one.
This subject is not within the scope of our study.
This suitcase is too heavy for me to carry.
This summer resort is no longer as popular as it used to be.
This summer we had an unusual amount of rain.
This summer we'll go to the mountains and to the sea.
This supermarket is open 24 hours a day.
This tastes a lot better than what I usually eat.
This team is trained by a good coach.
This telephone is connected to the fax machine.
This tennis ball is covered with dog slobber.
This theory is too difficult for me to comprehend.
This ticket entitles the bearer to one chocolate sundae.
This ticket entitles you to a free meal.
This ticket is valid for two days only after the date of purchase.
This tie and that jacket go well together.
This tie goes very well with your shirt.
This tie goes well with the suit, I guess.
This tie is not suitable for a situation like this.
This tie isn't suitable for a situation like this.
This time, the same as always, I crammed at the last minute.
This town hasn't changed much in the last ten years.
This tradition has been passed down from generation to generation.
This train is crowded, so let's take the next one.
This train runs between New York and Boston.
This train will get you there in half the time.
This tree is dead and should be cut down.
This tree is more than a century old.
This tree is the tallest and oldest in this forest.
This TV doesn't come with an HDMI cable.
This type of thing happens all the time.
This type of thing never used to happen here.
This used car is as good as new.
This vacuum cleaner makes a lot of noise.
This vending machine was destroyed by hoodlums last night.
This warehouse is for lease, not for sale.
This was a bad week. My train was late two days in a row.
This was a game we had to win.
This was a stupid idea from the very start.
This was bound to happen sooner or later.
This was the stupidest idea I've ever had.
This watch is less expensive than that one.
This watch is twice as expensive as that one.
This watch was given me by my uncle.
This waterfall is an amazing backdrop for pictures.
This will be a good souvenir of my trip around the United States.
This will be a walk in the park.
This will be one of the best memories of my life.
This will make our job a lot easier.
This will never happen again, I swear to you.
This will save you a lot of trouble.
This will tide you over for a day or so.
This word is both a noun and a verb.
This work calls for a high degree of skill.
This work has to be finished by Monday.
This work is simple enough that even a child can do it.
This would be a good place to raise kids.
This would taste better if you added a little more salt.
This would've been your room if you'd decided to stay with us.
This year has been a lucky one for him.
This year the region has been hit by a severe drought.
This year we had more snow than last year.
This year, the winter is mild, isn't it? It's very nice.
This year, Tom and I have decided not to go to Boston for Christmas.
This year, Valentine's Day falls on a Sunday.
This yearbook is illustrated with a lot of beautiful photographs.
This year's fashions are completely different from last year's.
This year's fashions are completely different to last year's.
This year's good harvest will make up for last year's bad one.
This young man knows little about his country.
Thomas Jefferson left the White House in March of 1809.
Those are the questions we need to answer.
Those are the ugliest shoes I've ever seen.
Those birds build their nests in the summer and fly to the south in the winter.
Those books were on display in the window.
Those dogs aren't as ferocious as they look.
Those girls are both in love with you.
Those grapes look sweet, but in fact they're sour.
Those kinds of methods are out of date.
Those memories will come back to haunt you.
Those old laws were all done away with.
Those pants are a little too tight in the waist.
Those pants are much too long. They almost touch the ground.
Those people are political allies and will help each other.
Those present at the meeting were surprised at the news.
Those problems will be solved in the near future.
Those records are not accessible to the public.
Those shoes go well with this white skirt.
Those twins look like two peas in a pod.
Those under arrest were waiting to be questioned.
Those were the best years of my life.
Those were the saddest hours of my life.
Those who don't want to go, don't need to go.
Those who know do not talk. Those who talk do not know.
Those who know him speak well of him.
Those who know me know I'm pretty good at chess.
Those who know me know that I'm pretty good at chess.
Those who live in glass houses should not throw stones.
Those who use forks or chopsticks often think people who don't are uncivilized.
Those who violate the rules will be punished.
Those who want to remain may do so.
Those who work hard find unexpected opportunities to succeed.
Those who've never tried sushi don't know what they're missing.
Though he wouldn't admit it, he was very tired.
Though it stopped raining, the wind was still blowing hard.
Though it was a muggy night, she went to bed with all the windows closed.
Though it was cold, he didn't light the fire.
Though it was very late, he went on working.
Though she was tired, she kept on working.
Though the doctor did his best, the patient's recovery was slow.
Thousands of people apply for political asylum each year.
Thousands of people became victims of this disease.
Thousands of people wanted to know the answer.
Thousands of people went to the beach to see the dolphin.
Thousands of people were deceived by the advertisement.
Thousands of people were milling around in the square.
Thousands of women were widowed by the war.
Three hours is a long time to wait.
Three missionaries were killed and eaten by cannibals.
Three months before Tom was to graduate from college, he died.
Three of the men involved in the accident were hospitalized.
Three out of four Americans believe in the existence of paranormal phenomena.
Three quarters of the country's inhabitants live below the official poverty level.
Three years ago something like this never would have happened.
Three years ago something like this never would've happened.
Three years ago today, Tom and I got married.
Three years have gone by since we got married.
Three-fourths of the earth's surface is covered with water.
Through genetic engineering, corn can produce its own pesticides.
Through his own efforts and a bit of luck, he won first prize in the contest.
Throw a stick and watch the dog fetch it.
Throw another log on the fire, will you?
Tickets are $30, parking is free and children under ten receive free admission.
Tickets are available online or at the door.
Tickets are available to the public for $30.
Tickets for today's game sold like hot cakes.
Time goes by quickly when you're having fun.
Time passes quickly when we're doing something we like.
Times may change, but human nature stays the same.
Tires wear down because of friction between the rubber and the road surface.
To a man with a hammer, everything looks like a nail.
To avoid confusion, the teams wore different colors.
To be a good translator, I think Tom needs to hone his skills a bit more.
To be frank, I don't want you to come to our party.
To be happy, you should spend time with someone you love.
To be honest, I don't like you at all.
To be honest, I thought the movie was very uninteresting.
To be honest, it's hard to understand why you want to go.
To be honest, I've never heard of this place before.
To be successful, you need to look like you're already successful.
To become a professional banjo player, you need to spend thousands of hours practicing.
To cross the river, you can use a boat or the bridge.
To determine its origin, we must go back to the middle ages.
To do him justice, he did his best with his limited men and supplies.
To do that, you have to get up earlier.
To do that, you must get up earlier.
To do that, you've got to get up earlier.
To drive a car, you need a license.
To get technical information from that company, we first have to sign a non-disclosure agreement.
To get to the museum, you need to take that bus.
To have doubts about oneself is the first sign of intelligence.
To his surprise, the door opened by itself.
To improve your fluency, you should try speaking with native speakers as often as you can.
To learn a foreign language requires a lot of time.
To lighten the mood, I told a joke.
To loosen a screw, turn it to the left.
To make a long story short, everything went fine.
To make a long story short, he married his first love.
To make a long story short, he was fired.
To make matters worse, it began to rain heavily.
To make matters worse, it began to rain.
To make things even worse, he got sick.
To my dismay, I found I had lost my money.
To my relief, he came home safe and sound.
To my surprise, he had a beautiful voice.
To my surprise, she could not answer the question.
To my surprise, the anthropologist was accused of murder.
To my surprise, there were no people in the village.
To my surprise, they ate the meat raw.
To our relief, he came back safe and sound.
To our surprise, she has gone to Brazil alone.
To prevent the disease from spreading quickly was not an easy task.
To put it briefly, I do not agree.
To put it briefly, she turned down his proposal.
To reduce misunderstandings we should learn the techniques for communicating successfully.
To sew jeans, you need a thicker needle.
To some extent, you can control the car in a skid.
To start with, I want to thank you all.
To tell the truth, I didn't go there.
To tell the truth, I didn't notice it.
To tell the truth, I do not like him.
To tell the truth, I don't agree with you.
To tell the truth, I don't like her very much.
To tell the truth, I don't like him.
To tell the truth, I don't like his way of talking.
To tell the truth, I don't like what you're wearing.
To tell the truth, I don't really care.
To tell the truth, I don't really like him.
To tell the truth, I drove my father's car without his permission.
To tell the truth, I have no money with me.
To tell the truth, I think you are wrong.
To tell the truth, I'd rather stay home than go out.
To tell the truth, I'm not in favor of it at all.
To tell the truth, I'm not your father.
To tell the truth, I'm tired of violent movies.
To tell the truth, I've already seen that movie.
To tell the truth, I've never thought about it.
To tell the truth, she is my cousin.
To tell the truth, she no longer loves him.
To tell the truth, we got married last year.
To tell you the truth, I don't like Tom.
To tell you the truth, I don't love him.
To tell you the truth, I'm completely bored.
To the astonishment of the whole city, the mayor was arrested.
To the best of my knowledge, the cathedral dates back to the Middle Ages.
To the best of my knowledge, the lake is the deepest here.
To the best of my knowledge, the rumor is not true.
To the best of my knowledge, this chemical will prevent germs from breeding.
To the best of my knowledge, this is the only translation available.
To try to bring it back would be foolish.
Today at 8:10 a.m., Mary gave birth to healthy triplets.
Today I don't want to hear any complaints.
Today I feel better than I did yesterday.
Today I got to meet my new philosophy teacher.
Today I have a lot of things to do.
Today I have to drop by the supermarket.
Today is a perfect day for a picnic.
Today is Sunday so I don't have to work.
Today is the fifth day of continual stock price decline.
Today it's very sunny, so everyone is wearing sunglasses.
Today let's examine a typical morning of a high school student.
Today my wife and I are celebrating our twentieth wedding anniversary.
Today there are many things made of sheet metal.
Today was a good day, so I'll sleep soundly tonight.
Today you can eat as much as you want.
Today you can get two for the price of one.
Today, Christmas is celebrated in many parts of the world.
Today, I watched a play written by a friend of mine.
Today, I'm busy getting ready for my trip.
Today, many people worry about losing their jobs.
Today's housewives do nothing but complain of high prices.
Today's math class was more interesting than usual.
Tofu can be used as a substitute for meat.
Tokyo has a population of over ten million.
Tokyo is a very expensive place to live.
Tolstoy said that true friends must trust each other.
Tom abandoned his hope of becoming a doctor.
Tom accidentally shot himself in the foot while cleaning his gun.
Tom acted as if he didn't know us.
Tom admitted he didn't do what we had asked him to do.
Tom admitted that he had made a mistake on the invoice.
Tom admitted that he had stolen the bike.
Tom admitted that it was a stupid idea.
Tom advised Mary not to believe everything she reads on the Web.
Tom advised Mary not to stay out late at night.
Tom advised Mary to go to the police.
Tom agreed to be here at 2:30, but he's not here yet.
Tom almost always falls asleep at night hugging his teddy bear.
Tom almost always falls to sleep at night hugging his teddy bear.
Tom almost always laughs at his own jokes.
Tom almost forgot to take an umbrella with him.
Tom already knows you want to quit your job.
Tom already owns more cars than he'll ever use.
Tom always asks for permission before he borrows my bicycle.
Tom always checks to verify that no dyes are in any food he buys.
Tom always did his best to help me.
Tom always dresses in black or some other dark color.
Tom always drinks his coffee black with no sugar.
Tom always flies economy class to save money.
Tom always goes back home to Boston for Christmas.
Tom always goes home to Boston for Christmas.
Tom always keeps a set of jumper cables in the trunk of his car.
Tom always looks for the good in others.
Tom always makes fun of John because of his dialect.
Tom always makes it a rule never to ask a woman her age.
Tom always sits in the back of the classroom.
Tom always stays at school as late as the teachers allow him to.
Tom always tries to do what he thinks is right.
Tom always walks to school when it isn't raining.
Tom always wants to sit in the front row.
Tom always yells at Mary every time she does something stupid.
Tom and his brother don't live in the same city.
Tom and his children spent all afternoon looking for the perfect Christmas tree.
Tom and his friends are swimming in the pool.
Tom and his friends built a cabin in the woods.
Tom and his friends sat around the campfire and roasted marshmallows.
Tom and his friends went to the circus.
Tom and his team are ready for it.
Tom and his team are ready for that.
Tom and his uncle walked together in silence.
Tom and his wife have just had a baby.
Tom and I are almost the same height.
Tom and I are both waiting for Mary.
Tom and I are going to Boston for a conference.
Tom and I are going to Boston next week.
Tom and I are in the same class.
Tom and I are no longer living in Boston.
Tom and I are proud of our son.
Tom and I aren't friends. We're just coworkers.
Tom and I baked three pies this afternoon.
Tom and I couldn't agree on what we needed to do.
Tom and I did our best to help Mary.
Tom and I discussed the problem with each other.
Tom and I don't plan to sing together.
Tom and I gave each other presents on Christmas.
Tom and I go to the same high school.
Tom and I have a lot in common.
Tom and I haven't seen each other since our divorce.
Tom and I like the same kind of music.
Tom and I love each other and that's the only thing that matters.
Tom and I never did get along very well.
Tom and I never lie to each other.
Tom and I speak French to each other all the time.
Tom and I spent all evening dancing together.
Tom and I swim together once a week.
Tom and I used to fight a lot.
Tom and I usually talked to each other in French.
Tom and I went there on our honeymoon.
Tom and I went to a party last night.
Tom and I went to the same school.
Tom and I were born on the same day.
Tom and I were both raised in Boston.
Tom and I work at the same hospital.
Tom and I'll help anyone who needs help.
Tom and I've been discussing the situation for the past three hours.
Tom and I've been together about three years.
Tom and I've decided not to go to Australia for Christmas this year.
Tom and I've decided not to go to Boston for Christmas this year.
Tom and I've decided not to go to Boston for Christmas.
Tom and I've decided not to travel together.
Tom and Mary agreed to work together on the project.
Tom and Mary are both in their thirties.
Tom and Mary are both older than John.
Tom and Mary are both pretty shy, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both sitting on the couch.
Tom and Mary are both thirty, but they look much younger.
Tom and Mary are both very happy here.
Tom and Mary are coming to visit us tomorrow.
Tom and Mary are getting married in October.
Tom and Mary are getting married in three months.
Tom and Mary are getting married on Monday.
Tom and Mary are getting ready to go out.
Tom and Mary are giving a party on Friday night.
Tom and Mary are going to need your help.
Tom and Mary are in it for the long haul.
Tom and Mary are in need of help.
Tom and Mary are in the same boat.
Tom and Mary are in this for the long haul.
Tom and Mary are no longer in Boston.
Tom and Mary are on good terms with each other.
Tom and Mary are outside building a snowman.
Tom and Mary are outside making a snowman.
Tom and Mary are planning a picnic at the lake.
Tom and Mary are playing a video game.
Tom and Mary are playing cards in the next room.
Tom and Mary are really starting to get on my nerves.
Tom and Mary are talking about what they'll do on Valentine's Day.
Tom and Mary aren't actually our real names.
Tom and Mary aren't as rich as most people think.
Tom and Mary argued a lot on Christmas Eve.
Tom and Mary arrived in Boston at the same time.
Tom and Mary both complained about the weather.
Tom and Mary both have very few friends.
Tom and Mary both know that isn't true.
Tom and Mary both know that that isn't true.
Tom and Mary both know that that's not true.
Tom and Mary both know that's not true.
Tom and Mary both left the room at the same time.
Tom and Mary both ordered the lunch special.
Tom and Mary both shook their heads no.
Tom and Mary both wanted a lot of children.
Tom and Mary both wanted a lot of kids.
Tom and Mary bought a car for their son.
Tom and Mary bought each other Christmas presents.
Tom and Mary bought John a bicycle for Christmas.
Tom and Mary bought John a bike for Christmas.
Tom and Mary bought their granddaughter a bike for Christmas.
Tom and Mary bought their grandson a bike for Christmas.
Tom and Mary built a sand castle on the beach.
Tom and Mary came to Boston with me.
Tom and Mary celebrate Christmas together every year.
Tom and Mary claim that they never lie to each other.
Tom and Mary contradict each other all the time.
Tom and Mary couldn't find an empty picnic table.
Tom and Mary cut classes and went to the zoo.
Tom and Mary dated each other for three years.
Tom and Mary decorated their Christmas tree today.
Tom and Mary decorated their house for Christmas.
Tom and Mary did that, but John didn't.
Tom and Mary dipped into their savings to buy a house.
Tom and Mary divided the money between themselves.
Tom and Mary don't do that together very often.
Tom and Mary don't like the same kind of food.
Tom and Mary don't like the same kind of movies.
Tom and Mary don't like the same kind of music.
Tom and Mary don't like the same kind of TV shows.
Tom and Mary don't love each other anymore.
Tom and Mary don't often eat lunch together.
Tom and Mary don't really have much in common.
Tom and Mary don't seem so sure of themselves.
Tom and Mary don't seem to really talk to each other all that much.
Tom and Mary don't want to go to the same place.
Tom and Mary don't want to talk to John.
Tom and Mary eat lunch together every day.
Tom and Mary finally decided to get divorced.
Tom and Mary gave each other presents on Christmas morning.
Tom and Mary got back together after a trial separation.
Tom and Mary got married a few years ago.
Tom and Mary got married on Christmas Eve.
Tom and Mary got married three years ago.
Tom and Mary had a baby three weeks ago.
Tom and Mary had a huge argument last night.
Tom and Mary had a picnic by the waterfall.
Tom and Mary have a cute little Christmas tree inside their home.
Tom and Mary have a lot in common.
Tom and Mary have a small garden behind their house.
Tom and Mary have adopted a minimalist lifestyle.
Tom and Mary have almost nothing in common.
Tom and Mary have been through some rough times together.
Tom and Mary have been trying to come up with a solution to the problem.
Tom and Mary have both decided to resign.
Tom and Mary have decided to eat together.
Tom and Mary have decided to get married in October.
Tom and Mary have different philosophies of life.
Tom and Mary have just gotten back to Boston.
Tom and Mary have many things in common.
Tom and Mary have never been to that restaurant.
Tom and Mary have recently moved to Boston.
Tom and Mary have spent a lot of time together.
Tom and Mary helped their mother decorate the Christmas tree.
Tom and Mary insult each other all the time.
Tom and Mary invited all their friends for a Christmas dinner at their house.
Tom and Mary just wanted to dance with each other all evening.
Tom and Mary kept their marriage a secret.
Tom and Mary kissed each other for the first time on Christmas Eve.
Tom and Mary know each other so well that they often finish each other's sentences.
Tom and Mary left Boston at the end of October.
Tom and Mary left the office together at 2:30.
Tom and Mary like the same kind of food.
Tom and Mary live in a quiet residential neighborhood.
Tom and Mary live in a small log cabin.
Tom and Mary lived in a mobile home their first three years after they got married.
Tom and Mary lived in Australia for a while.
Tom and Mary lived in the same apartment building.
Tom and Mary lived in the same town.
Tom and Mary looked at each other and laughed.
Tom and Mary looked at each other for a moment.
Tom and Mary looked at each other through the window.
Tom and Mary looked at each other uneasily.
Tom and Mary looked at each other, and then suddenly they started kissing.
Tom and Mary mailed wedding invitations to all of their friends.
Tom and Mary make a very nice couple.
Tom and Mary met at the botanical garden.
Tom and Mary never took their eyes off each other.
Tom and Mary often work together on Friday.
Tom and Mary realized that they weren't really compatible.
Tom and Mary rearranged the furniture in their living room.
Tom and Mary sang in the choir together.
Tom and Mary sat down to dinner at the usual time.
Tom and Mary sat next to each other at the table in the conference room.
Tom and Mary sat on the beach and talked to each other.
Tom and Mary sat on the building steps and talked.
Tom and Mary send each other Christmas cards every year.
Tom and Mary speak to each other in English.
Tom and Mary spent a year traveling around the world.
Tom and Mary spent all afternoon cooking this meal.
Tom and Mary spent all morning cleaning the house.
Tom and Mary spent the day putting up Christmas decorations.
Tom and Mary spent the night out under the stars.
Tom and Mary split up after their son died.
Tom and Mary started spending more time together.
Tom and Mary swam in the pond together.
Tom and Mary told me that they had a good time at the concert.
Tom and Mary told me they had a good time at the concert.
Tom and Mary used to be good friends.
Tom and Mary usually speak French to each other.
Tom and Mary usually speak to each other in French.
Tom and Mary volunteered to clean up the park.
Tom and Mary walked into the restaurant and looked around, but couldn't see a free table.
Tom and Mary want to know what's going on.
Tom and Mary wanted to spend the rest of their lives together.
Tom and Mary went on a shopping spree.
Tom and Mary went to a fancy restaurant to celebrate their wedding anniversary.
Tom and Mary went to an expensive restaurant.
Tom and Mary were always fighting when they were younger.
Tom and Mary were both arrested in 2013.
Tom and Mary were both in the pool.
Tom and Mary were dancing to the music.
Tom and Mary were gone by the time I got there.
Tom and Mary were in love with each other.
Tom and Mary were on the same wavelength.
Tom and Mary were only thirteen when they first met.
Tom and Mary were playing on the seesaw.
Tom and Mary were sitting at a table in the corner.
Tom and Mary were surprised to see John and Alice.
Tom and Mary were talking about their plans.
Tom and Mary were the first ones to arrive.
Tom and Mary weren't able to eat the spicy food that John made for dinner.
Tom and Mary weren't particularly kind to me.
Tom and Mary will get married next month.
Tom and Mary work in the same office.
Tom announced that he was leaving the group.
Tom anonymously donated a million dollars to his favorite charity.
Tom answered the first question on the list.
Tom appeared to be in his early thirties.
Tom argues just for the sake of arguing.
Tom armed himself with a gun and a knife.
Tom asked a few questions that Mary didn't want to answer.
Tom asked for my permission to use my computer.
Tom asked his boss if he could go home early.
Tom asked if anyone knew anything about Mary.
Tom asked if Mary had to do that today.
Tom asked Mary about her life in Australia.
Tom asked Mary if he could borrow her bicycle.
Tom asked Mary if she had to do that.
Tom asked Mary if she knew John's wife.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted him to walk her home.
Tom asked Mary if she was planning to work on Christmas Day.
Tom asked Mary if she was really happy with her new job.
Tom asked Mary if she would be willing to donate some money.
Tom asked Mary if she'd like a cup of coffee.
Tom asked Mary many questions about life in Boston.
Tom asked Mary many questions that she couldn't answer.
Tom asked Mary not to discuss the matter with anyone else.
Tom asked Mary some questions, but she refused to answer them.
Tom asked Mary to buy a gift for John.
Tom asked Mary to come over and help.
Tom asked Mary to come to his office.
Tom asked Mary to do that, so you don't have to.
Tom asked Mary to drive John to the airport.
Tom asked Mary to get a hold of John.
Tom asked Mary to get him a cup of coffee.
Tom asked Mary to go out to have dinner with him.
Tom asked Mary to go to the supermarket to get some milk.
Tom asked Mary to help decorate his Christmas tree.
Tom asked Mary to help him decorate his Christmas tree.
Tom asked Mary to help him with his French homework.
Tom asked Mary to lend him some money.
Tom asked Mary to look after the children.
Tom asked Mary to pass him the gravy.
Tom asked Mary to play tennis with him.
Tom asked Mary to read him the letter she had gotten from John.
Tom asked Mary to show him some of her artwork.
Tom asked Mary to take John to the airport.
Tom asked Mary to teach him how to play the ukulele.
Tom asked Mary to teach him some useful phrases in French.
Tom asked Mary to wait for him here.
Tom asked Mary to wait for him in front of the library.
Tom asked Mary to wake him up at six.
Tom asked Mary what kind of books she liked to read.
Tom asked Mary what she did last weekend.
Tom asked Mary what she had bought at the jewelry store.
Tom asked Mary when the last time she had bought a book was.
Tom asked Mary where she had parked the car.
Tom asked Mary whether she planned to swim or not.
Tom asked Mary whether she'd like to go shopping.
Tom asked Mary who had been the first to arrive.
Tom asked Mary who had given her the picture.
Tom asked Mary who she was looking for.
Tom asked Mary why John was so unhappy.
Tom asked Mary why she had done that.
Tom asked Mary why she was buying so much food.
Tom asked Mary why she was so late.
Tom asked me for more money than he really needed.
Tom asked me how many guitars I had.
Tom asked me how many guitars I own.
Tom asked me how much money I had in the bank.
Tom asked me if anything was the matter.
Tom asked me if he could watch TV with me.
Tom asked me if I had a black tie he could borrow.
Tom asked me if I had a plan.
Tom asked me if I liked Chinese food.
Tom asked me if I would be home this evening.
Tom asked me to bring my own eating utensils.
Tom asked me to come to his house tonight.
Tom asked me to do his homework for him.
Tom asked me to give you a message.
Tom asked me to pick Mary up at the airport.
Tom asked me to take Mary to the zoo.
Tom asked me what I wanted to eat.
Tom asked the waitress for the wine list.
Tom asked us to turn down the music.
Tom asked us to turn the music down.
Tom assumed everybody knew he'd spent time in prison.
Tom ate a lot more than I did.
Tom ate some spoiled food and became sick.
Tom ate the stew right out of the pot.
Tom ate what little food he had left.
Tom attempted to persuade Mary to go to church with him.
Tom attributed his failure in the exam to illness.
Tom banged his head on a tree branch.
Tom became anorexic when he was a high school student.
Tom became more and more handsome as he grew older.
Tom began living by himself at the age of sixteen.
Tom began to look for a job three months before he graduated from college.
Tom began to suspect something wasn't quite right.
Tom began to suspect that something was wrong.
Tom began to suspect that something wasn't quite right.
Tom begged Mary to give him another chance.
Tom believes that the death penalty should be abolished.
Tom believes that there is a time and a place for everything.
Tom bent down and picked up a handful of sand.
Tom bet Mary that he could beat her at arm wrestling.
Tom blew all his money on a motorcycle.
Tom boiled the well water so it would be safe to drink.
Tom bought a box of candy to give to Mary.
Tom bought a couple of cans of tomatoes.
Tom bought a house with a magnificent view of the sea.
Tom bought an expensive Christmas present for himself.
Tom bought himself a new guitar for Christmas.
Tom bought the cheapest one in the store.
Tom brings me to the office every morning.
Tom broke his leg in a cycling accident.
Tom broke his promise and didn't help Mary.
Tom broke his right leg and was taken to hospital a few weeks before Christmas.
Tom broke the rules and was kicked off the team.
Tom bumped into Mary the other day at the supermarket.
Tom burned all of the letters that Mary had sent him.
Tom called his wife to say he'd be late.
Tom called Mary last night and encouraged her to join the team.
Tom called Mary, but the line was busy.
Tom called me almost every day while he was in Boston.
Tom called to say he wasn't coming to work today.
Tom called to say that he couldn't attend today's meeting.
Tom called to say that he'd be late.
Tom called to say that he'll be late.
Tom came back home just in time for Christmas.
Tom came back just in time for Christmas.
Tom came here to ask us to help him.
Tom came into my office and closed the door.
Tom came into the room without knocking on the door.
Tom came on Monday and went back the day after.
Tom came to ask us for our help.
Tom came to Boston hoping to find a job.
Tom came to Boston when he was thirteen.
Tom came to France with the intention of studying French.
Tom came to my office to ask me for money.
Tom came to school with a black eye.
Tom can come back here anytime he wants.
Tom can do that a lot better than Mary can.
Tom can get in touch with Mary by email.
Tom can go with you if he likes.
Tom can have another cookie if he wants one.
Tom can play the piano better than Mary.
Tom can probably do that without our help.
Tom can reach me at this number any time of day.
Tom can reel off the names of the capitals of all European countries.
Tom can remember the chords to the song, but can't remember all the lyrics.
Tom can sit next to me if he wants to.
Tom can ski as well as his brother.
Tom can ski just as well as Mary can.
Tom can ski just as well as Mary.
Tom can speak French almost as well as Mary.
Tom can speak French much better than I can.
Tom can speak German as well as English.
Tom can swim almost as well as Mary.
Tom can understand French better than Mary can.
Tom can't be over thirty. He looks like he's about eighteen.
Tom can't carry all those suitcases so you should help him.
Tom can't do that as well as I can.
Tom can't even write his own name yet.
Tom can't forgive Mary for what she did.
Tom can't play a high G on his trumpet, but he can play an F.
Tom can't remember which ping-pong paddle is his.
Tom can't say for sure how many times Mary has been to Boston.
Tom can't say for sure when Mary will arrive.
Tom can't see Mary from where he is.
Tom can't speak French and neither can I.
Tom can't speak French without making a lot of mistakes.
Tom can't speak French. Mary can't speak French either.
Tom can't stand the smell of cigarette smoke.
Tom can't swim as well as Mary can.
Tom can't tell the difference between expensive wine and cheap wine.
Tom carried his duffel bag on his shoulder.
Tom carved his initials on the large oak tree in front of the school.
Tom caught Mary stealing his money from the cash register.
Tom caught the ball with his left hand.
Tom certainly couldn't have succeeded without your help.
Tom certainly doesn't seem to know what he's doing.
Tom certainly doesn't seem to mind helping Mary.
Tom certainly doesn't speak for all of us.
Tom certainly fits the description that the police gave us.
Tom certainly gave the impression that he wasn't planning on being there tomorrow.
Tom certainly gets a nice sound out of that old bassoon.
Tom certainly gives the impression that he doesn't know what he's doing.
Tom certainly had a lot of time to think about it.
Tom certainly had an interesting story to tell.
Tom certainly had plenty of opportunities to go to concerts while he was in Boston.
Tom certainly hadn't done anything that deserved that kind of punishment.
Tom certainly spends a lot of time indoors.
Tom certainly wasn't at home when we went to visit him.
Tom challenged Mary to a game of chess.
Tom checked Mary's pulse to see if she was still alive.
Tom checked to make sure all the doors were locked before he went to sleep.
Tom chose to spend Christmas with Mary rather than with his family.
Tom claimed to be an expert in finance.
Tom claims he can accurately predict the future.
Tom claims he doesn't watch much TV, but he watches more than three hours every day.
Tom claims that he has never killed anyone.
Tom clearly doesn't understand what we're talking about.
Tom climbed into bed and turned off the light.
Tom closed his eyes and pretended to be asleep.
Tom closed his eyes before he kissed Mary.
Tom closes his eyes when he swims underwater.
Tom comes here about three times a year.
Tom complained about the room being too small.
Tom complained that he had too much homework.
Tom conducted himself in a gracious and dignified manner during his court appearance.
Tom considers himself to be a citizen of the world.
Tom continued to study French for another three years.
Tom converted about half of his yen into dollars and the other half into euros.
Tom could barely hear what Mary was trying to say.
Tom could be a big help to you, I think.
Tom could do nothing but sit and wait.
Tom could do that if he wanted to.
Tom could get up to three years in prison.
Tom could hardly speak French at all when I first met him.
Tom could learn a thing or two from Mary.
Tom could lose everything if he isn't careful.
Tom could never make me laugh the way you do.
Tom could not take his eyes off of Mary.
Tom could see Mary was getting very nervous.
Tom could see that Mary was about to burst into tears.
Tom could swim when he was three years old.
Tom couldn't afford to buy the bicycle he wanted.
Tom couldn't attend the meeting because he was sick.
Tom couldn't borrow as much money as he needed.
Tom couldn't come see us for Christmas, so we went to see him.
Tom couldn't do even one push-up when he started training.
Tom couldn't do what I wanted him to do.
Tom couldn't eat solid food for a week.
Tom couldn't figure out how to export JPEG files.
Tom couldn't find a job he liked in Boston, so he moved to Chicago.
Tom couldn't find a job that he liked in Boston, so he moved to Chicago.
Tom couldn't find the words to express how he was feeling.
Tom couldn't forget Mary even if he wanted to.
Tom couldn't go to the concert because he had to work.
Tom couldn't have done it without Mary's help.
Tom couldn't have done that without Mary's help.
Tom couldn't have opened the door without your help.
Tom couldn't help but notice all the beautiful women on the beach.
Tom couldn't keep his eyes off of Mary.
Tom couldn't make a living as a musician.
Tom couldn't stand Mary not knowing what had happened.
Tom couldn't think what he should give Mary for Christmas.
Tom could've called the police if he had wanted to.
Tom could've killed you if he'd wanted to.
Tom cried for help, but nobody heard him.
Tom cried until he ran out of tears.
Tom cries every time he hears this song.
Tom criticized Mary for not doing the job correctly.
Tom cut down the tree with his chainsaw.
Tom cut his finger on a piece of glass.
Tom cut the cake with the new knife Mary had given him.
Tom cut the wire and defused the bomb.
Tom decided it was time to learn how to dance.
Tom decided it would be too difficult to do that.
Tom decided not to go to the meeting.
Tom decided that it wasn't necessary to pay that bill today.
Tom decided to give Mary everything she asked for.
Tom decided to tell Mary the truth about his illness.
Tom denied he had been involved in the affair.
Tom denied that he had been involved in the affair.
Tom did all he could do to help.
Tom did eventually tell me something I needed to know.
Tom did everything he could for his children.
Tom did exactly as I told him to do.
Tom did his best to avoid making eye contact with Mary.
Tom did his best, but he failed anyway.
Tom did it with the best of intentions.
Tom did the best he could, but he still wasn't able to pass the course.
Tom did what he promised me he'd do.
Tom did what he promised me that he'd do.
Tom didn't answer because he didn't know what to say.
Tom didn't arrive until it was already too late.
Tom didn't believe a word of what Mary said.
Tom didn't believe Mary when she said she loved him.
Tom didn't believe that Mary had anything to do with the theft.
Tom didn't choose the same thing Mary did.
Tom didn't come to school today because he had to go to a funeral.
Tom didn't commit the crimes he's been accused of.
Tom didn't do what he's being punished for.
Tom didn't drink the milk Mary poured for him.
Tom didn't eat pizza with the rest of us yesterday.
Tom didn't eat the apple you gave him.
Tom didn't even have enough money to buy a cup of coffee.
Tom didn't even have the courtesy to say that he was sorry.
Tom didn't even know how to say "thank you" in French.
Tom didn't even know that I was here.
Tom didn't even offer Mary a cup of coffee.
Tom didn't expect Mary to be so busy.
Tom didn't expect Mary to react like she did.
Tom didn't expect to sell his old car for so much money.
Tom didn't get a chance to thank Mary for all her help.
Tom didn't get home until after 2:30 this morning.
Tom didn't get in until after 2:30 this morning.
Tom didn't get married until he was thirty.
Tom didn't get off the airplane with the rest of the passengers.
Tom didn't get paid as much as he thought he was worth.
Tom didn't get paid as much as they told him they'd pay him.
Tom didn't get paid for the work he did.
Tom didn't get up as early as he usually does.
Tom didn't go to the lake last summer.
Tom didn't have a good time at the party.
Tom didn't have enough experience in dealing with that kind of problem.
Tom didn't have enough money to go home by bus.
Tom didn't have the courage to admit that he had made a mistake.
Tom didn't have the courage to disobey Mary.
Tom didn't have the courage to try sky diving.
Tom didn't have time to finish his report.
Tom didn't have time to read the report.
Tom didn't have time to watch the TV program he wanted to watch.
Tom didn't have time to watch TV yesterday.
Tom didn't have to get up so early.
Tom didn't help Mary as much as he should have.
Tom didn't help Mary as much as he should've.
Tom didn't know a single person in the room.
Tom didn't know about Mary's relationship with John.
Tom didn't know any French when I first met him.
Tom didn't know he was supposed to do that today.
Tom didn't know how much I wanted to do that.
Tom didn't know how to say "thank you" in French.
Tom didn't know Mary's house was so close to John's.
Tom didn't know that he had a secret admirer.
Tom didn't know that Mary couldn't speak French.
Tom didn't know that Mary couldn't understand French.
Tom didn't know that Mary knew how to speak French.
Tom didn't know that Mary's house was so close to John's.
Tom didn't know that the bridge was closed.
Tom didn't know that you were planning to stay.
Tom didn't know the difference between glass and crystal.
Tom didn't know what Mary wanted to buy.
Tom didn't know what Mary's last name was.
Tom didn't know when Mary was planning on going to Boston.
Tom didn't know when Mary was planning to go to Boston.
Tom didn't know where Mary had gone skiing.
Tom didn't know where Mary had put her suitcases.
Tom didn't know where Mary wanted to spend her summer vacation.
Tom didn't know where to park his car.
Tom didn't know whether he should do that or not.
Tom didn't know who Mary had decided to give her old guitar to.
Tom didn't know who Mary wanted to give the bottle of wine to.
Tom didn't know who Mary was at first.
Tom didn't know who Mary was planning to marry.
Tom didn't know why Mary needed to borrow thirty dollars.
Tom didn't leave a suicide note, so the police suspect murder.
Tom didn't like city life, so he moved back to the farm.
Tom didn't look like he was in a good mood.
Tom didn't love Mary as much as she loved him.
Tom didn't mention any of this to me.
Tom didn't need to get up so early.
Tom didn't pay any attention to my warning.
Tom didn't pay me as much as he promised he would.
Tom didn't pay me as much as he promised that he would.
Tom didn't really feel like going out drinking with the guys.
Tom didn't remember where he'd put his pen.
Tom didn't say anything about where he'd come from.
Tom didn't say what you said he said.
Tom didn't say why he wasn't happy with our work.
Tom didn't seem surprised to see Mary at the concert.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him where I'd gone.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him why I did that.
Tom didn't seem to be all that busy.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that he was supposed to do that.
Tom didn't seem to know anybody at the party.
Tom didn't seem to want to study today.
Tom didn't seem to want to talk about Mary.
Tom didn't take many pictures on his trip.
Tom didn't tell anybody that he'd won the lottery.
Tom didn't tell anyone that he'd won the lottery.
Tom didn't tell his parents that he had gotten an F on the test.
Tom didn't tell Mary he couldn't speak French.
Tom didn't tell Mary what he wants to do.
Tom didn't tell Mary what she needed to buy.
Tom didn't tell me he couldn't speak French.
Tom didn't tell me Mary was his girlfriend.
Tom didn't tell me who he was waiting for.
Tom didn't tell me you were going to the meeting Mary and John are going to.
Tom didn't think he needed a new coat.
Tom didn't think he'd ever get used to Thai food.
Tom didn't think his boss's plan was a viable one.
Tom didn't think Mary would enjoy his party, so he didn't invite her.
Tom didn't think that anyone would recognize him.
Tom didn't think that his boss's plan was a viable one.
Tom didn't trust anyone and no one trusted him.
Tom didn't trust anyone and no one trusted Tom.
Tom didn't want his friends to see him cry.
Tom didn't want just any car. He wanted his grandfather's car.
Tom didn't want Mary to move to Boston.
Tom didn't want Mary to see him in handcuffs.
Tom didn't want me to sell my old truck.
Tom didn't want people to think that he was flirting with Mary.
Tom didn't want the same thing to happen to him.
Tom didn't want to admit that he was scared.
Tom didn't want to become an architect like his dad.
Tom didn't want to come here, but he came anyway.
Tom didn't want to come to Australia with us.
Tom didn't want to follow in his father's footsteps.
Tom didn't want to go back to where he was born.
Tom didn't want to go there with Mary.
Tom didn't want to go to the doctor.
Tom didn't want to leave his dog with me.
Tom didn't want to let Mary into his house.
Tom didn't want to live in the cave anymore, but he had no choice.
Tom didn't want to marry a woman who wanted children.
Tom didn't want to play golf with Mary's father.
Tom didn't want to sit next to me.
Tom didn't want to think about it anymore.
Tom didn't want to think about the situation.
Tom didn't want to wear the shirt his mother had gotten him for Christmas.
Tom didn't want to wear the shirt that his mother had gotten him for Christmas.
Tom didn't want to work overtime on Christmas Eve.
Tom didn't warn me about what might happen.
Tom died in Boston in 2013 when he was 30 years old.
Tom died three days after he got to Boston.
Tom died three weeks ago after being bitten by a cobra.
Tom died trying to save a child from a burning building.
Tom died with a knife in his back.
Tom disobeyed a direct order from a superior officer.
Tom does little other than play the guitar.
Tom does only what he wants to do.
Tom does that a lot better than I do.
Tom does that a lot better than me.
Tom doesn't always get up early, but he always gets up before Mary does.
Tom doesn't believe a word of what Mary just said.
Tom doesn't believe Mary could do that without some help.
Tom doesn't brush his teeth as often as he should.
Tom doesn't care about protecting his personal information online.
Tom doesn't come here every day, but he comes quite often.
Tom doesn't do anything without his wife's permission.
Tom doesn't drive as carefully as I do.
Tom doesn't earn enough money to support a family.
Tom doesn't eat as much as Mary does.
Tom doesn't eat meat as often as he used to.
Tom doesn't even know what you are talking about.
Tom doesn't even know why he was expelled from school.
Tom doesn't even let his daughter go out on weekends.
Tom doesn't feel like eating anything right now.
Tom doesn't get along with the man who lives next door.
Tom doesn't get up as early as Mary.
Tom doesn't have a cat. However, Tom does have a dog, doesn't he?
Tom doesn't have a date for the Saturday night.
Tom doesn't have any reason to be jealous.
Tom doesn't have anyone to discuss his problems with.
Tom doesn't have either a dog or a cat.
Tom doesn't have enough money to buy a house.
Tom doesn't have enough money to buy everything he needs.
Tom doesn't have enough money to buy what he wants.
Tom doesn't have enough time for a cup of coffee.
Tom doesn't have Mary's address in Boston, but he has her phone number.
Tom doesn't have the courage to do that.
Tom doesn't have the qualities of a good leader.
Tom doesn't have the qualities of a good teacher.
Tom doesn't have the right to say that.
Tom doesn't have the will power to quit smoking.
Tom doesn't have to go if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have what it takes to be a leader.
Tom doesn't have what it takes to be a race car driver.
Tom doesn't have what it takes to be a teacher.
Tom doesn't have what it takes to be the boss.
Tom doesn't know how much time it'll take him to do that.
Tom doesn't know how to cook very well.
Tom doesn't know how to drive a manual.
Tom doesn't know how to milk a cow.
Tom doesn't know how to play the bass guitar.
Tom doesn't know how to start a lawn mower.
Tom doesn't know how to tie his shoes.
Tom doesn't know how to use a snorkel.
Tom doesn't know if Mary is dead or alive.
Tom doesn't know if Mary will go with him tomorrow or not.
Tom doesn't know Mary wants to do that.
Tom doesn't know that I won't do that.
Tom doesn't know the difference between a mule and a donkey.
Tom doesn't know the difference between a wolf and a fox.
Tom doesn't know the difference between an adjective and an adverb.
Tom doesn't know the difference between linen and wool.
Tom doesn't know what he's doing, does he?
Tom doesn't know what Mary is trying to do.
Tom doesn't know what Mary means when she says that.
Tom doesn't know what Mary wants him to do.
Tom doesn't know what Mary wants to eat for dinner.
Tom doesn't know what Mary wants to eat.
Tom doesn't know what Mary was going to do.
Tom doesn't know what this is. Do you?
Tom doesn't know what to buy Mary for her birthday.
Tom doesn't know when Mary will leave Boston.
Tom doesn't know where he'll live next year.
Tom doesn't know where Mary buys her groceries.
Tom doesn't know where Mary learned how to drive.
Tom doesn't know where Mary parked her car.
Tom doesn't know where Mary usually goes skiing.
Tom doesn't know where Mary wants to go.
Tom doesn't know where Mary wants to live.
Tom doesn't know where Mary wants to spend her summer vacation.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary will agree to go or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary will come by car or by bicycle.
Tom doesn't know whether to turn left or right.
Tom doesn't know who Mary has decided to give her old guitar to.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is going to go to Boston with.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is planning on doing that with.
Tom doesn't know who Mary wants to give the bottle of wine to.
Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't want him at her party.
Tom doesn't let his kids play outside after dark.
Tom doesn't like being told he's not old enough yet.
Tom doesn't like being told what to do.
Tom doesn't like it when Mary criticizes him in public.
Tom doesn't like Mary. However, she doesn't particularly care whether he likes her or not.
Tom doesn't like people telling him what to do.
Tom doesn't like people to know that he can't speak French well.
Tom doesn't like the color of the walls in his bedroom.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary looks at him.
Tom doesn't like to lend his books to Mary.
Tom doesn't like to read on the train.
Tom doesn't like to talk about his past.
Tom doesn't like women who wear way too much makeup.
Tom doesn't look like his father at all.
Tom doesn't make enough money to support his family.
Tom doesn't mind the cold, but Mary can't stand it.
Tom doesn't need a doctor. He needs a priest.
Tom doesn't need any more soap. Mary gave him enough to last a lifetime.
Tom doesn't need Mary to do that again.
Tom doesn't need to apologize. He did nothing wrong.
Tom doesn't need to do that. Mary will do it.
Tom doesn't need to finish this by tomorrow.
Tom doesn't often do his homework before dinner.
Tom doesn't often eat lunch with his wife.
Tom doesn't really know how to ski very well.
Tom doesn't really like Mary, even though he says he does.
Tom doesn't really want me to help him.
Tom doesn't really want to go swimming with us.
Tom doesn't remember asking Mary to do that.
Tom doesn't remember if he locked the door.
Tom doesn't remember where he put his key.
Tom doesn't remember where he put his keys.
Tom doesn't seem all that old to me.
Tom doesn't seem to be as busy as Mary is.
Tom doesn't seem to be as impatient as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as needy as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as particular as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as terrified as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be aware of the problem.
Tom doesn't seem to be concerned about anything.
Tom doesn't seem to know who we are.
Tom doesn't speak French and I don't either.
Tom doesn't speak French as fluently as you do.
Tom doesn't speak French as fluently as you.
Tom doesn't speak French, and neither do I.
Tom doesn't spend much time thinking about money.
Tom doesn't take very good care of his children.
Tom doesn't take very good care of his dog.
Tom doesn't think anybody else wants to come.
Tom doesn't think he'll be able come tomorrow.
Tom doesn't think he'll be able to finish the job by himself.
Tom doesn't think he'll have the time to do that today.
Tom doesn't think I'm interested in what he does.
Tom doesn't think it will snow this afternoon.
Tom doesn't think it'll rain, but he plans to carry an umbrella just in case.
Tom doesn't think Mary will ever come back to Boston.
Tom doesn't think that is a good idea.
Tom doesn't think that Mary will ever come back to Boston.
Tom doesn't think that Mary's performance was very good.
Tom doesn't think this is such a good idea.
Tom doesn't understand because he wasn't paying attention.
Tom doesn't understand Mary's reluctance to go out with his brother.
Tom doesn't understand why Mary is so popular.
Tom doesn't want an iPad. He wants a portable device that supports Flash.
Tom doesn't want Mary to go anywhere without him.
Tom doesn't want me around when Mary is here.
Tom doesn't want to be seen talking to you.
Tom doesn't want to be seen with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to buy a new car.
Tom doesn't want to deal with this problem now.
Tom doesn't want to do anything to hurt Mary.
Tom doesn't want to get his hands dirty.
Tom doesn't want to get married until he's in his thirties.
Tom doesn't want to give up his dream of becoming an astronaut.
Tom doesn't want to go anywhere with you.
Tom doesn't want to go there by himself.
Tom doesn't want to go to bed right now.
Tom doesn't want to go to Mary's party.
Tom doesn't want to go to school today.
Tom doesn't want to go to such a dangerous place.
Tom doesn't want to have lunch with me today.
Tom doesn't want to sleep on the floor.
Tom doesn't want to take a walk now.
Tom doesn't want to take that kind of risk.
Tom doesn't want to talk about it here.
Tom doesn't want to talk to you now.
Tom doesn't want you to know the truth.
Tom doesn't want you to share this information with anyone.
Tom doesn't wash the dishes. He leaves that up to Mary.
Tom doesn't wear glasses, but he used to.
Tom doesn't work as much as he used to.
Tom doesn't yet know whether he can go or not.
Tom donated a lot of money to us.
Tom drank a lot last night and is a bit hung over this morning.
Tom drank a lot more than I did.
Tom drank the water that he was given.
Tom drank the whole bottle of wine by himself.
Tom drank three bottles of wine by himself last night.
Tom dreaded having to spend Christmas in the hospital.
Tom dreams of owning a house in the center of Boston.
Tom dressed himself quickly, then ran out the door.
Tom dried his hands with a small towel.
Tom dried his hands with the towel Mary handed him.
Tom dried his hands with the towel Mary handed to him.
Tom dried his hands with the towel that Mary handed him.
Tom dried his hands with the towel that Mary handed to him.
Tom drinks at least three liters of water every day.
Tom drinks six cups of coffee a day.
Tom drinks three cups of coffee a day.
Tom dropped by Mary's house just to say hello.
Tom dropped his glass, but it didn't break.
Tom dyed his hair the same color as Mary's.
Tom earns the money, but it's managed by his wife Mary.
Tom eats at least three bowls of rice every day.
Tom eats lunch at the school cafeteria two or three times a week.
Tom eats mostly fruits and vegetables, and only eats meat about once a week.
Tom eats pizza with a fork, but Mary eats it with her hands.
Tom eats twice as much as Mary does.
Tom emigrated to Australia when he was thirty.
Tom entered the restaurant where he eats about three times a week.
Tom escaped with the help of a guard.
Tom expected it to cost a lot more.
Tom expected Mary to believe everything he said.
Tom expected to leave early in the morning, but he overslept.
Tom fainted as soon as he saw the needle.
Tom fainted at the sight of the needle.
Tom feels that his team will win the game.
Tom fell asleep and missed the end of the movie.
Tom fell asleep as soon as his head hit the pillow.
Tom fell asleep at the wheel and caused an accident.
Tom fell asleep while driving and caused an accident.
Tom fell asleep while he was driving and caused an accident.
Tom fell in love with a pretty girl.
Tom fell in love with his best friend's girlfriend.
Tom fell off the ladder when he was cleaning out his gutters.
Tom fell off the swing and started crying.
Tom fell over and landed flat on his face.
Tom felt like the luckiest man on earth.
Tom filled Mary's wine glass to the rim.
Tom filled up his dog's water dish with milk.
Tom filled up the bottle with cold water.
Tom finally decided to try jumping over the stream.
Tom finally mustered up the courage to ask Mary to go out with him.
Tom finished his chores and then he did his homework.
Tom finished writing the report in less than three hours.
Tom fired Mary because she often showed up late for work.
Tom first met Mary at a cafe in Boston.
Tom fixed the roof of his house just yesterday.
Tom flopped onto his bed and was soon fast asleep.
Tom forgot to give the message to Mary.
Tom forgot to send Mary a Christmas card.
Tom forgot to tell Mary that John had called.
Tom forgot to tell Mary what needed to be done.
Tom forgot to tell us not to drink the tap water.
Tom found a dead jellyfish on the beach.
Tom found a hundred dollar bill on the street.
Tom found Christmas presents hidden under his parents' bed.
Tom found it fairly easy to follow Mary without being seen.
Tom found Mary a job not too far from where she lives.
Tom found Mary's diary and read the last three pages.
Tom found out later that the woman he met in the park was Mary.
Tom found out Mary was stealing from the cash register.
Tom found out that I'm going to Boston.
Tom found the book Mary had given him quite boring.
Tom found the hat Mary was looking for in the basement.
Tom gave a false address to the police.
Tom gave his all, but it wasn't enough.
Tom gave his dog a piece of leftover Christmas turkey.
Tom gave his dog a piece of meat.
Tom gave his father a tie on Father's Day.
Tom gave his three-year-old son a puppy for Christmas.
Tom gave Mary a box of assorted chocolates.
Tom gave Mary a box of chocolates, and then ate all the chocolates himself.
Tom gave Mary a gift certificate on her birthday.
Tom gave Mary all the money he had.
Tom gave Mary one of the books that John had given him.
Tom gave Mary some money to help her buy her mother a Christmas present.
Tom gave Mary the first piece of cake.
Tom gave me a very nice Christmas present.
Tom gave me everything except what I wanted.
Tom gave them a general idea of what he wanted.
Tom generally makes good decisions based on a realistic appraisal of the situation he's faced with.
Tom gets angry at the slightest hint of criticism.
Tom gets angry when he doesn't get his own way.
Tom gets paid much more than Mary does.
Tom goes jogging in the park every morning.
Tom goes to bed at the same time every night.
Tom goes to school five days a week.
Tom goes to the barber less than four times a year.
Tom got a call from someone named Mary.
Tom got a job at a local pizzeria.
Tom got a toy hammer and toolbox for Christmas.
Tom got an emergency call and had to leave work.
Tom got back just in time for Christmas.
Tom got caught trying to steal a bracelet.
Tom got dressed and slipped on his shoes.
Tom got fired and was escorted out of the building.
Tom got his children a puppy for Christmas.
Tom got into a fight with someone at the bar.
Tom got into his car and drove away.
Tom got mad at Mary because she was late.
Tom got out of prison after 30 years.
Tom got out of the bath, dried himself off, and put his clothes on.
Tom got out of the bathtub and dried himself off.
Tom got sick because he ate too much.
Tom got time and a half when he worked beyond his usual quitting time.
Tom got to his feet and went to the door.
Tom got to the station too late, so he missed the train.
Tom got too close to the fire and singed his beard.
Tom got up and walked to the door.
Tom got up and went to the door.
Tom got up from the table and walked into the kitchen.
Tom grabbed Mary's right hand with his left hand.
Tom grabbed the rope with his right hand.
Tom graduated from high school three years ago.
Tom grew up in a small fishing village.
Tom grew up in a small town not far from here.
Tom grew up speaking both French and English.
Tom grows potatoes and carrots in his garden.
Tom hacked Mary's arm off with a sword.
Tom had a bandage on his left hand.
Tom had a bottle of poison in his briefcase.
Tom had a good reason for being late.
Tom had a good reason not to go.
Tom had a heart tattooed on his arm.
Tom had a lot of fun at the party.
Tom had bags under his eyes after several sleepless nights.
Tom had better hurry or he'll miss the bus.
Tom had bruises all over his body after the fight.
Tom had Christmas lights strung up on his porch.
Tom had his car key in his left hand.
Tom had his wallet stolen while he was in Boston.
Tom had his wife Mary followed by a private detective.
Tom had his wisdom teeth taken out by a twenty-four year old dentist.
Tom had just turned on the TV when the fuses blew.
Tom had never seen such a beautiful garden before.
Tom had no choice but to do what the boss told him to do.
Tom had no choice but to quit his job.
Tom had no idea how rich Mary was.
Tom had no idea how tired Mary was.
Tom had no idea how to do it.
Tom had no idea Mary felt that way.
Tom had no idea Mary was going to do that.
Tom had no idea that Mary liked him.
Tom had no idea that Mary was a serial killer.
Tom had no idea that Mary was going to do that.
Tom had no idea why Mary wasn't happy.
Tom had no other choice but to help Mary clean out the garage.
Tom had no qualms about cheating on the test.
Tom had no right to treat Mary like he did.
Tom had no sooner arrived than he was asked to leave.
Tom had no time to finish the story.
Tom had no way of verifying the information.
Tom had some questions he wanted to ask.
Tom had sunglasses on when I saw him a few minutes ago.
Tom had the only pool in town with a diving board.
Tom had to do it even though he didn't want to.
Tom had to do that even though he didn't want to.
Tom had to pawn his guitar so he could pay his bills.
Tom had to push his bicycle today because it had a flat tire.
Tom had to spend a night in jail.
Tom had to swallow his pride and admit that he needed help.
Tom had to wait a long time in the waiting room.
Tom handed Mary a cup of hot coffee.
Tom handed Mary a knife so she could peel the apples.
Tom handed the key to Mary and she opened the door.
Tom happens to be very good at French.
Tom hardly ever speaks French to his mother.
Tom hardly spoke any French when I first met him.
Tom has a bright career as a medical doctor.
Tom has a brother who lives in Boston.
Tom has a daughter who is a musician.
Tom has a friend who lives in Boston.
Tom has a friend whose mother is a veterinarian.
Tom has a funny way of laughing, doesn't he?
Tom has a history of arrests for drunken driving.
Tom has a house which has two rooms.
Tom has a large closet in his bedroom.
Tom has a list of people who helped.
Tom has a lot of friends in Boston.
Tom has a lot of money in the bank.
Tom has a lot of money, but he has no friends.
Tom has a lot of pictures of Mary.
Tom has a lot of things to do this morning before he leaves the house.
Tom has a nice collection of modern paintings.
Tom has a picture he wants to show Mary.
Tom has a picture of a squirrel on his bedroom wall.
Tom has a picture of his family on his desk.
Tom has a really good sense of direction.
Tom has a small farm not far from Boston.
Tom has a son whose name is John.
Tom has a stomachache and he feels dizzy.
Tom has a tattoo on his left arm.
Tom has a very high opinion of himself.
Tom has almost everything a boy could want.
Tom has already convinced me not to leave.
Tom has already done that lots of times.
Tom has already finished the book he started reading last night.
Tom has already spoken to me about it.
Tom has already told Mary not to do that anymore.
Tom has an aunt who is in prison.
Tom has asked me to lend him some money.
Tom has asked us to buy him something to eat.
Tom has barely said a word all day.
Tom has been a prison guard for ten years.
Tom has been absent from school for three days.
Tom has been an underachiever all his life.
Tom has been bitten by a stray dog.
Tom has been blind since he was born.
Tom has been convicted of drunk driving twice in the last four years.
Tom has been convicted of drunken driving twice in the last four years.
Tom has been dating Mary for about three years.
Tom has been doing a lot of thinking.
Tom has been eating at that restaurant since he was a teenager.
Tom has been going out with Mary for about three years.
Tom has been going through a rough patch lately.
Tom has been growing a beard all summer.
Tom has been here with Mary many times.
Tom has been in jail more than once.
Tom has been in love with you for a long time.
Tom has been in the hospital since Christmas Eve.
Tom has been late every day this week.
Tom has been living in Boston for a very long time.
Tom has been living in Boston for three years.
Tom has been living in Boston since he graduated from college.
Tom has been offered a job in Australia.
Tom has been on death row for three years.
Tom has been shopping for Christmas presents all day.
Tom has been talking on the phone for an hour.
Tom has been teaching me how to play the guitar.
Tom has been teaching us French for the past four years.
Tom has been told not to do that here.
Tom has been told several times not to do that.
Tom has been trying to find something to eat.
Tom has been waiting for over three hours.
Tom has been waiting for you all morning.
Tom has been waiting for you to get here.
Tom has begun to look for a job.
Tom has bitten his nails right down to the quick.
Tom has caused me a lot of trouble.
Tom has changed a lot since high school.
Tom has come back from Australia for Christmas.
Tom has come back from Boston for Christmas.
Tom has come back to Australia for Christmas.
Tom has come back to Boston for Christmas.
Tom has come to pick up his children.
Tom has come up with another good idea.
Tom has contributed a lot of money to charity.
Tom has decided he isn't going to wait.
Tom has decided to have the surgery that his doctor recommended.
Tom has decided to put off his departure.
Tom has decided to take the day off.
Tom has donated a lot of money to various charities.
Tom has done everything we wanted him to do.
Tom has done the best he can do.
Tom has done what he had to do.
Tom has enough money to buy the house he wants.
Tom has finished reading the book that Mary gave him yesterday.
Tom has great wealth, but he is not happy.
Tom has his work cut out for him.
Tom has just finished writing a letter to Mary.
Tom has known Mary for over three years.
Tom has known Mary since he was a child.
Tom has known Mary since he was a kid.
Tom has learned a few words of French.
Tom has less money than his brother does.
Tom has lived alone since his wife died.
Tom has lived in Australia for over thirty years.
Tom has lived in Boston for more than a year.
Tom has lived in Boston for three years.
Tom has lived in Boston most of his life.
Tom has lost a lot of weight recently.
Tom has lost quite a lot of weight.
Tom has made some very bad decisions recently.
Tom has money enough to buy the house he wants.
Tom has money. However, he's not all that happy.
Tom has more free time than I do.
Tom has more than thirty pairs of shoes.
Tom has neither a dog nor a cat.
Tom has never been very good at French.
Tom has never lived anywhere other than Boston.
Tom has never stolen money his whole life.
Tom has no conception of what it's like to be in love.
Tom has no intention of apologizing to Mary.
Tom has no intention of staying in Boston for the rest of his life.
Tom has only been pretending that he doesn't understand French.
Tom has promised he won't do that anymore.
Tom has promised that he won't do that anymore.
Tom has put his car up for sale.
Tom has read a lot more books than I have.
Tom has read a lot of books about that.
Tom has some food allergies, so he has to be careful about what he eats.
Tom has spent a lot of time studying French.
Tom has stayed at my house several times.
Tom has three million dollars in the bank.
Tom has three sons. One's almost your age.
Tom has to get to the office quickly.
Tom has to go even if it rains.
Tom has to learn Japanese because he's going to Japan next year.
Tom has to pay another three hundred dollars.
Tom has to pay three hundred dollars more.
Tom has to speak French every day at work.
Tom has to stay in Boston this weekend.
Tom has told me a lot about you.
Tom has told us a lot about you.
Tom has tried to commit suicide three times.
Tom has two brothers who live in Boston.
Tom has what it takes to be a good teacher.
Tom has willingly done everything we've asked him to do.
Tom has worked for me for three years.
Tom has written many magazine articles on whales.
Tom hasn't been back to Boston in a long time.
Tom hasn't been doing his homework by himself.
Tom hasn't been the same since you left him.
Tom hasn't eaten a decent meal in a long time.
Tom hasn't eaten anything in the past 36 hours.
Tom hasn't eaten at home in a long time.
Tom hasn't found out yet what Mary did.
Tom hasn't had a fight with anybody lately.
Tom hasn't had anything to eat since breakfast.
Tom hasn't seen Mary since they got divorced.
Tom hasn't yet finished reading the book that you lent him.
Tom hates getting up early in the morning.
Tom hates me as much as I hate him.
Tom heard a noise and went outside to see what it was.
Tom heard Mary say that she couldn't do that.
Tom heard Mary say that she hated John.
Tom heard someone knock on the door three times.
Tom held a glass filled with wine in his left hand.
Tom held a small flashlight in his left hand.
Tom held his phone up to take a selfie.
Tom held open the car door for Mary.
Tom held the car door open for Mary.
Tom held the phone in his left hand.
Tom helped his mother decorate the Christmas tree.
Tom helped Mary get into to the car and drove her to the hospital.
Tom helped the old lady cross the street.
Tom helped the teacher decorate the classroom for Valentine's Day.
Tom helped us save a lot of money.
Tom hid the children's Christmas presents behind the couch.
Tom hid under the bed with the cat.
Tom hired a local contractor to remodel his kitchen.
Tom hoped Mary would come back home for Christmas.
Tom hoped Mary wouldn't find out about what had happened.
Tom hoped that the doctors would tell him that he didn't need the surgery after all.
Tom hoped to get back together with Mary.
Tom hopes he doesn't become a workaholic like his father.
Tom hopes he doesn't have to live in Boston for more than a year.
Tom hopes Mary knows she needs to do everything John has told her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she needs to do everything John has told her to do.
Tom hopes Mary will agree to do that.
Tom hopes that Mary will come next weekend.
Tom hopes to inherit a lot of money when his mother passes away.
Tom hung out with his friends last night.
Tom hung the ornaments on the Christmas tree.
Tom immigrated to Australia when he was thirty.
Tom injured himself when he jumped out of the window.
Tom injured his left hand in an accident.
Tom insisted he hadn't been drinking, but his slurred speech and unsteady gait gave him away.
Tom installed a TV antenna on the roof.
Tom intends to live in Boston for more than a year.
Tom intends to play tennis every day during his summer vacation.
Tom intends to stay in Boston for three days.
Tom invited all his friends for a Christmas dinner at his house.
Tom is 13, but he still believes in Santa.
Tom is a bad driver, but he thinks that he's a good driver.
Tom is a beginner, but he catches on fast.
Tom is a better saxophone player than Mary is.
Tom is a bit short for his age.
Tom is a bit small for his age.
Tom is a Canadian who lives in Australia.
Tom is a close personal friend of mine.
Tom is a friend of a friend of a person I used to work with.
Tom is a friend of a friend of mine.
Tom is a friend of yours, isn't he?
Tom is a good friend of yours, isn't he?
Tom is a great guy to hang out with.
Tom is a left-handed pitcher, but bats right-handed.
Tom is a lot busier than I am.
Tom is a lot older than I am.
Tom is a lot shorter than I am.
Tom is a lot smarter than I am.
Tom is a lot smarter than you think he is.
Tom is a member of a secret society.
Tom is a member of the SWAT team.
Tom is a much better liar than you.
Tom is a nice guy with a big heart.
Tom is a nice guy. Everyone likes him.
Tom is a really good teacher, isn't he?
Tom is a security guard at the airport.
Tom is a smart child. He's the best student in his class.
Tom is a student at the university where I used to teach.
Tom is a teacher, and so am I.
Tom is a very good guitarist, isn't he?
Tom is a warlock and Mary is a witch.
Tom is able to play the bassoon very well.
Tom is able to take care of himself.
Tom is afraid to go out at night.
Tom is already big enough to do that by himself.
Tom is always one step ahead of us.
Tom is always telling Mary that he loves her.
Tom is an idiot, but I love him anyway.
Tom is an old friend of mine from high school.
Tom is angry a lot of the time.
Tom is angry at me because I didn't help him.
Tom is approximately the same weight as Mary.
Tom is as good a cook as his father.
Tom is at home taking care of the kids.
Tom is at the door. Please ask him in.
Tom is better at science than anyone else in his class.
Tom is better off than he was this time last year.
Tom is better than I was at his age.
Tom is both a doctor and a writer.
Tom is busy making breakfast for his family.
Tom is by far the smartest person here.
Tom is checking his messages on his phone.
Tom is convinced that his mother doesn't want to eat now.
Tom is dating an exchange student from China.
Tom is doing everything he can to save money.
Tom is drawing a sketch of the house.
Tom is either an idiot or a genius.
Tom is exactly the same age as you.
Tom is far from satisfied with Mary's work.
Tom is fatter than when I last saw him.
Tom is fishing for trout about a hundred meters downstream from here.
Tom is flying back to Boston on October 20th.
Tom is from Australia and so am I.
Tom is from Australia and so is Mary.
Tom is getting on your nerves, isn't he?
Tom is getting the results that he hoped for.
Tom is going out with a Chinese exchange student.
Tom is going to bake a cake for Mary's birthday party.
Tom is going to be a good soccer player someday.
Tom is going to be back in time for Christmas.
Tom is going to be back later today.
Tom is going to be thirty next year.
Tom is going to buy a new car next weekend.
Tom is going to do something about it.
Tom is going to drive you to the airport.
Tom is going to explain it to me.
Tom is going to get angry if you keep doing what you're doing.
Tom is going to go swimming this afternoon.
Tom is going to go to Boston by car.
Tom is going to go to Boston next weekend.
Tom is going to have a busy weekend.
Tom is going to have a Christmas party next weekend.
Tom is going to have a good time, I'm sure.
Tom is going to have his house repainted.
Tom is going to have to ask Mary to help him.
Tom is going to have to stay in the hospital for another three weeks.
Tom is going to have to verify this.
Tom is going to learn how to do that sooner or later.
Tom is going to make it on time.
Tom is going to Mary's birthday party tomorrow, isn't he?
Tom is going to move back to Boston in October.
Tom is going to pay me back next week.
Tom is going to play handball this afternoon.
Tom is going to run for city council.
Tom is going to stay for another three days.
Tom is going to stay there as long as possible.
Tom is good at French, but he's a lot better at English.
Tom is good at getting people to do things for him.
Tom is happy as a fish in water.
Tom is happy to finally be at home.
Tom is head over heels in love with Mary.
Tom is heating up a piece of yesterday's pizza in the microwave.
Tom is here because he wants to talk to Mary.
Tom is hiding something, and Mary knows it.
Tom is hoping he'll get a new bicycle for Christmas.
Tom is hoping that he'll get a new bicycle for Christmas.
Tom is in a coma and the doctors are not sure if he's going to live.
Tom is in a coma and the doctors aren't sure if he's going to live.
Tom is in a hurry to do that.
Tom is in desperate need of medical care.
Tom is in his bedroom doing his homework.
Tom is in his office at his desk.
Tom is in his room, writing a letter to his grandmother.
Tom is in pretty good shape for his age.
Tom is in prison for a crime he didn't commit.
Tom is in the back of the bus.
Tom is in the garden, and Mary is in the kitchen.
Tom is just a farm boy living in a big city.
Tom is just a little bit shorter than Mary is.
Tom is just a little bit shorter than me.
Tom is just a little older than Mary.
Tom is just a little taller than Mary.
Tom is just trying to get under your skin.
Tom is just trying to make ends meets.
Tom is kind of worked up about it.
Tom is left-handed, but he writes with his right hand.
Tom is likely going to be very hungry when he gets home.
Tom is likely to be very unfriendly after what you did to him.
Tom is living in a small apartment on Park Street.
Tom is living in the middle of nowhere.
Tom is looking for a reasonably-priced used car.
Tom is looking for someone who speaks French.
Tom is looking for something to give Mary for Christmas.
Tom is lying in bed with a cold.
Tom is lying on the sofa watching TV.
Tom is lying. I didn't do what he says I did.
Tom is married to a woman who's young enough to be his daughter.
Tom is more laid back than I am.
Tom is much better at French than me.
Tom is much more experienced than I am.
Tom is much younger than you think he is.
Tom is my neighbor, but I don't know him very well.
Tom is never at a loss for words.
Tom is no longer welcome in my house.
Tom is not a lazy boy. As a matter of fact, he works hard.
Tom is not able to drive a car.
Tom is not as fat as I am.
Tom is not as smart as he likes to think he is.
Tom is not as young as I am.
Tom is not available at the moment. May I take a message?
Tom is not going to be happy about this.
Tom is not like that all the time.
Tom is not much older than I am.
Tom is not the slightest bit interested in my suggestion.
Tom is now the star of a reality show.
Tom is obviously very good at what he does.
Tom is old enough to be Mary's grandfather.
Tom is old enough to be your father.
Tom is old enough to decide for himself.
Tom is older than I am, isn't he?
Tom is older than me by three years.
Tom is on his way back to Boston.
Tom is on the go day and night.
Tom is on the swim team at school.
Tom is one of the few people I can trust.
Tom is one of the funniest guys I know.
Tom is one of the more than 3,000 inmates on death row.
Tom is one of the most expensive photographers in the world.
Tom is one of the most respected men in the business world.
Tom is one of the most talented guys I know.
Tom is one of the nicest guys I know.
Tom is one of the richest men in Boston.
Tom is one of the richest men in the world.
Tom is one of the sweetest people I know.
Tom is one of the three guys who were able to do that.
Tom is one of the wealthiest men in the country.
Tom is one of the world's richest men.
Tom is only a little older than Mary.
Tom is only five, but he already knows how to read.
Tom is our oldest child and Mary is the youngest.
Tom is out in the yard, playing with our dog.
Tom is planning to have a Christmas party at his house on Christmas Eve.
Tom is planning to leave soon after lunch.
Tom is planting a palm tree in his backyard.
Tom is pretty sure everything will go well.
Tom is pretty sure the door is locked.
Tom is probably going to do that by himself.
Tom is probably going to leave on Monday.
Tom is probably just a little younger than Mary.
Tom is probably never going to forget what we did to him.
Tom is probably not going to be here all afternoon.
Tom is probably the one who scared Mary away.
Tom is quite capable of looking after himself.
Tom is reading a collection of short stories.
Tom is really busy most of the time.
Tom is really hard to get along with.
Tom is resting in the shade of a tree.
Tom is saving money for a trip to Australia.
Tom is screaming at somebody in his office.
Tom is shorter than all of his friends.
Tom is single and has never been married.
Tom is sitting on the sofa, reading a magazine.
Tom is slowly catching up with the rest of the class.
Tom is so intelligent that he stands out in class.
Tom is someone I really enjoy hanging out with.
Tom is someone I really look up to.
Tom is standing on the table to change a lightbulb.
Tom is standing over there near the fireplace.
Tom is still living at home with his parents.
Tom is still too young to drink beer.
Tom is still too young to understand that.
Tom is still wearing his wedding ring, even though he isn't married anymore.
Tom is still wearing his wedding ring, even though he's not married anymore.
Tom is supposed to do that without any help.
Tom is supposed to help me on Monday.
Tom is supposed to meet Mary at 2:30.
Tom is suspected of killing a man in Australia.
Tom is swimming with his kids in the pool.
Tom is taking a French class this semester.
Tom is tall, but not as tall as I am.
Tom is tall, but not as tall as me.
Tom is taller than any of the other kids in his class.
Tom is taller than Mary by three inches.
Tom is teaching his younger brothers to play football.
Tom is the best French teacher I know.
Tom is the best French teacher that I know.
Tom is the best man for the job.
Tom is the best roommate I've ever had.
Tom is the boy I told you about the other day.
Tom is the boy I told you about.
Tom is the captain of the soccer team.
Tom is the captain of this baseball team.
Tom is the fastest runner on our team.
Tom is the guy who helped us escape.
Tom is the kind of man you can trust.
Tom is the kind of person who always has to have the last word.
Tom is the legal owner of this piece of land.
Tom is the most boring person I know.
Tom is the most influential man in Boston.
Tom is the most intelligent guy I've ever met.
Tom is the newest member of our team.
Tom is the one I gave the key to.
Tom is the one that doesn't like me.
Tom is the one who broke the window yesterday.
Tom is the one who knows what needs to be done.
Tom is the one who said he was too busy to help, not me.
Tom is the one who started the fire.
Tom is the one who told me when the meeting would be.
Tom is the one who woke me up.
Tom is the only boy who doesn't like football.
Tom is the only man in the world that is likely to break that record.
Tom is the only one here who can't speak French.
Tom is the only one here who can't swim.
Tom is the only one in our family who doesn't like singing.
Tom is the only one in our office who can speak French.
Tom is the only one in our office who speaks French.
Tom is the only one not invited to my party.
Tom is the only one we can rely on.
Tom is the only one who doesn't know.
Tom is the only one who knows the combination for the safe.
Tom is the only one who really knows what happened.
Tom is the only person in our office who speaks French.
Tom is the only person in the office who can speak French.
Tom is the only person Mary knows here.
Tom is the only person who can help me.
Tom is the person I told you about.
Tom is the person who can make that happen.
Tom is the richest man in this town.
Tom is the right man for the job.
Tom is the same age as I am, isn't he?
Tom is the smartest kid in our class.
Tom is the smartest one in our class.
Tom is the son of two famous painters.
Tom is the speech therapist who worked with Mary.
Tom is the spitting image of his father.
Tom is the tallest boy on our football team.
Tom is the tallest guy I've ever seen.
Tom is the tallest one in the class.
Tom is the youngest of the three boys.
Tom is thinking of moving so he'll be closer to Mary.
Tom is thirteen, but he still believes in Santa.
Tom is three years older than you, isn't he?
Tom is throwing a surprise birthday party for Mary next Saturday.
Tom is too irresponsible to have a pet.
Tom is too old to be living on his own.
Tom is too tired to help you today.
Tom is too young to apply for the job.
Tom is too young to go to school.
Tom is too young to live by himself.
Tom is too young to peel an apple.
Tom is trying not to worry too much.
Tom is trying to earn enough money to buy a new trumpet.
Tom is trying to make sure that everything is ready.
Tom is trying to sell his old car.
Tom is unlikely to want to do that again.
Tom is used to staying up all night.
Tom is usually on time and Mary is usually late.
Tom is usually on time, but there have been times when he's been several hours late.
Tom is usually the one who puts the children to bed.
Tom is utterly obsessed with food. No wonder Mary dumped him!
Tom is very busy every afternoon, but he often has some free time in the morning.
Tom is very difficult to get along with.
Tom is very good at playing the violin.
Tom is very good at poker, isn't he?
Tom is very proud of what he's been able to accomplish.
Tom is very unpredictable when he's been drinking.
Tom is very upset with me because I didn't do what he wanted me to do.
Tom is very worried about what might happen.
Tom is waiting for you in his office.
Tom is way taller than me, isn't he?
Tom is wearing a coat that is too large for him.
Tom is wearing a coat that's way too large for him.
Tom is wearing a new coat, isn't he?
Tom is wearing a new pair of shoes.
Tom is wearing his wedding ring on the wrong hand.
Tom is wearing the hat you gave him.
Tom is wearing the sunglasses he bought yesterday.
Tom is wearing those gloves you gave him for Christmas.
Tom is willing to work hard to achieve his goals.
Tom is working hard to improve his French.
Tom is writing a book about his grandfather.
Tom is your husband's middle name, isn't it?
Tom isn't a lazy boy. As a matter of fact, he works hard.
Tom isn't afraid of getting his clothes dirty.
Tom isn't as busy this week as he was last week.
Tom isn't as fat as he was before.
Tom isn't as good at French as he thinks he is.
Tom isn't as talkative as he used to be.
Tom isn't as tall as his father yet.
Tom isn't going to be happy about this.
Tom isn't going to be happy to see me.
Tom isn't going to get away with it this time.
Tom isn't going to let you do that.
Tom isn't here yet. He must've missed the bus.
Tom isn't much of a cook, but at least he gives it a go.
Tom isn't really as rich as everyone thinks he is.
Tom isn't really sick. He's just pretending to be.
Tom isn't sure he has to do that.
Tom isn't sure he wants to do this.
Tom isn't sure he's ready to perform on stage.
Tom isn't sure this is a good plan.
Tom isn't sure what time the party starts.
Tom isn't the one that makes the rules.
Tom isn't the one who told me I didn't need to do that.
Tom isn't the one who told me that I didn't need to do that.
Tom isn't the only one here that can speak French.
Tom isn't the only one here who can speak French.
Tom isn't the only one here who's a good singer.
Tom isn't the slightest bit interested in my suggestion.
Tom isn't the type of person who learns from his mistakes.
Tom isn't used to driving a left-hand drive car.
Tom isn't well enough to go to work today.
Tom Jackson is one of the best detectives in Boston.
Tom just can't seem to get along with Mary.
Tom just found out that Mary is already married.
Tom just got home a few minutes ago.
Tom just tells people what they want to hear.
Tom just told his wife that he was leaving her.
Tom just wanted Mary to help him a little more with the children.
Tom just wants to spend a little more time with Mary.
Tom keeps a spare key hidden in his garden.
Tom keeps his pennies in a big jar.
Tom kept Mary waiting for a long time.
Tom kept on talking even though Mary had fallen asleep.
Tom kept talking and didn't let Mary get a word in edgewise.
Tom kicked down the door and entered Mary's room.
Tom kissed Mary and then went to work.
Tom kissed Mary under the mistletoe on Christmas Eve.
Tom knew exactly what was going to happen.
Tom knew he'd just made a huge mistake.
Tom knew it was wrong to do what he was doing.
Tom knew Mary couldn't do that without some help.
Tom knew Mary didn't have to do that anymore.
Tom knew Mary understood what they needed to do.
Tom knew Mary was going to be late.
Tom knew Mary wouldn't let him kiss her.
Tom knew Mary's husband before she got married.
Tom knew more about what happened than he told us.
Tom knew that he was unlikely to be elected.
Tom knew that he wouldn't be able to finish the report by 2:30.
Tom knew that Mary couldn't swim, but he asked her to go swimming with him anyway.
Tom knew that Mary had done her best.
Tom knew that Mary was going to be late.
Tom knew that Mary was trying to do that.
Tom knew that Mary wasn't likely to be busy.
Tom knew that there was something in the box, but he didn't know what.
Tom knew the truth, but he didn't let anyone know that he knew it.
Tom knew there was something in the box, but he didn't know what.
Tom knew there wasn't much he could do about it.
Tom knew what Mary was supposed to do.
Tom knew where he had put his keys.
Tom knew where Mary was, but he wouldn't tell the police where she was.
Tom knew why Mary wanted him to leave.
Tom knows a lot of stuff about Mary.
Tom knows he has no chance of winning.
Tom knows he's wrong, but he won't admit it.
Tom knows how to have a good time.
Tom knows how to tell a good story.
Tom knows that he can't change Mary's mind.
Tom knows that he has no chance of winning.
Tom knows that he shouldn't have said that.
Tom knows that he's not likely to be fired.
Tom knows that he's wrong, but he won't admit it.
Tom knows that Mary doesn't love him anymore.
Tom knows that Mary has to do that.
Tom knows that Mary is telling the truth.
Tom knows this area like the back of his hand.
Tom knows what Mary did three days ago.
Tom knows where the others are, I think.
Tom knows who killed his dog, but he won't tell us.
Tom knows why nobody came to his party.
Tom laid the baby down on a blanket.
Tom laughed at some of Mary's jokes, but he thought some of them weren't very funny.
Tom lay awake for a long time thinking about what he should do.
Tom lay awake for a long time wondering about what he should do.
Tom learned how to do that from his grandfather.
Tom learned how to read and write at school.
Tom learned how to swim when he was very young.
Tom learned to dive when he was five.
Tom learned to drive when he was thirteen.
Tom led a quiet life in a quiet town.
Tom left a message saying he'd be late.
Tom left Australia a few days after Christmas.
Tom left Australia a few days before Christmas.
Tom left Boston a few days after Christmas.
Tom left Boston a few days before Christmas.
Tom left everything to Mary in his will.
Tom left Mary a few days after Christmas.
Tom left Mary a message on the table.
Tom left the matter entirely in Mary's hands.
Tom left the room without saying a word.
Tom lent us money when we needed it.
Tom let Mary know he wouldn't do that.
Tom let the cat out of the bag.
Tom lets his children do whatever they want to do.
Tom likes Boston better than any other place he's lived.
Tom likes Mary just the way she is.
Tom likes Mary more than he likes Alice.
Tom likes this place better than where he used to live.
Tom likes to do things his own way.
Tom likes to eat cold pizza for breakfast.
Tom likes to listen to music while he's doing his homework.
Tom likes to watch baseball games on TV.
Tom likes to work in the garden before going to work.
Tom likes to write poems and song lyrics.
Tom lit the candle that was on the table.
Tom lived half of his life in Boston.
Tom lived in Australia until a few years ago.
Tom lived in Boston for a long time.
Tom lived in Boston until a few years ago.
Tom lived in his car for a while after he broke up with Mary.
Tom lived in that small house for a little over ten years.
Tom lived the high life until the money ran out.
Tom lives 10 miles from the Canadian border.
Tom lives in a cabin in the woods.
Tom lives in a house on the edge of the village.
Tom lives in the same apartment building as Mary does.
Tom lives in the same apartment building as Mary.
Tom lives in the worst part of town.
Tom lives near the beach, but he can't swim.
Tom lives near the ocean, but he can't swim.
Tom lives on a farm with his wife, Mary, not too far from Boston.
Tom lives on the other side of town.
Tom lives on the same street as me.
Tom loaded the bags into the trunk of his car.
Tom locked himself in his room and cried.
Tom locked himself in the bathroom and refused to come out.
Tom looked around, but Mary was already gone.
Tom looked at his reflection in the mirror.
Tom looked at Mary and then winked at her.
Tom looked at me like I was crazy.
Tom looked at the menu and decided to order a fish dish.
Tom looked at the painting on the wall.
Tom looked at the price tag once again.
Tom looked very tired when I saw him yesterday.
Tom looks a lot like someone I know.
Tom looks as if he's seen a ghost.
Tom looks as though he's got a plan.
Tom looks as though he's seen a ghost.
Tom looks just like a guy I know.
Tom looks more like a teacher than a student.
Tom lost a lot of money playing poker.
Tom lost his glasses somewhere in the garden.
Tom lost his only son in a car accident.
Tom lost most of his belongings in the fire.
Tom loved Mary, but she didn't like him at all.
Tom loves Mary, but she doesn't love him.
Tom made a great deal of money last year.
Tom made a list of places he wants to visit.
Tom made a list of songs he doesn't like.
Tom made a list of things he needed to buy.
Tom made a list of things he wanted to do before he died.
Tom made a list of what he needed.
Tom made a promise to himself that he would never make the same mistake again.
Tom made an emergency stop on the road.
Tom made it clear that he didn't like Mary very much.
Tom made quite a lot of money in his twenties.
Tom made room for Mary on the bench.
Tom makes his own original Christmas cards every year.
Tom managed a small bar near Boston for quite a long time.
Tom managed to do everything he was supposed to do.
Tom managed to sleep a few hours on the plane.
Tom married the most beautiful girl in the city.
Tom may be a bit stupid, but he isn't as stupid as you think he is.
Tom may be a bit stupid, but he's not as stupid as you think he is.
Tom may be old, but he's in good shape.
Tom may come and visit me any time he wants to.
Tom may go with you if he wants.
Tom may have been in Boston with Mary last week.
Tom may never be able to walk again.
Tom may not be as happy as he seems.
Tom may not come to our party tonight.
Tom may sit next to me if he wants to.
Tom may use my bicycle if he wants to.
Tom may want to go to Australia for Christmas.
Tom may want to go to Boston for Christmas.
Tom meets his girlfriend at this coffee shop every afternoon.
Tom met Mary on his way to school.
Tom met Mary on the way to school.
Tom met Mary while he was in Boston.
Tom met someone named Mary in the park.
Tom might be able to translate this into French.
Tom might be the one responsible for what happened.
Tom might've fooled you, but he won't fool me.
Tom mistakenly ate his entree with his salad fork.
Tom must be aware that Mary is John's girlfriend.
Tom must be punished for what he did.
Tom must've realized it was a rhetorical question, because he didn't answer.
Tom named his boat after his girlfriend, but then she left him.
Tom needed more time to finish his work.
Tom needed something to do to keep his mind off his problems.
Tom needs to learn to be more cooperative.
Tom needs to learn to ride a bike.
Tom needs to stay in bed if he wants to recuperate.
Tom needs to tell Mary what he wants.
Tom needs us to show him the way.
Tom never admits that he's wrong, because he thinks that's a sign of weakness.
Tom never even smiles when I tell him a joke.
Tom never learned how to read and write.
Tom never really wanted to go to Harvard.
Tom never really wanted to sell his house.
Tom never said he wanted to go with us.
Tom never said that, as far as I know.
Tom never said what he was planning to do.
Tom never saw any wolves, but he could hear them.
Tom never seems to know what to say.
Tom never seems to pay much attention in class.
Tom never told me that he was married.
Tom never told me why he didn't like Mary.
Tom never told me why he wasn't here the day before yesterday.
Tom never used to eat so much junk food.
Tom never used to smoke, but he does now.
Tom not only twisted his ankle, he also broke three toes.
Tom noticed Mary wasn't wearing the ring he'd given her.
Tom often comes to see me on weekends.
Tom often eats popcorn when he's watching a movie.
Tom often forgets to lock the front door.
Tom often goes to the movies with Mary.
Tom often has trouble choosing what clothes to wear.
Tom often plays tennis with Mary after school.
Tom often sings when he's in the shower.
Tom often uses humor to defuse tense situations.
Tom omitted a couple of items from the list.
Tom only does what I tell him to do.
Tom only had a few visitors when he was in the hospital.
Tom only plays the bagpipes when Mary isn't at home.
Tom only sees his family at Christmas and Easter.
Tom only sleeps about five hours a night.
Tom only told Mary what she needed to know.
Tom opened his beer and took a sip.
Tom opened the book and flipped through the pages.
Tom opened the car door and pulled Mary out.
Tom opened the car door to get in.
Tom opened the door and entered the office.
Tom opened the door and held it open for Mary.
Tom opened the door and told Mary John wasn't home.
Tom opened the door even though I told him not to.
Tom opened the door, even though I asked him not to.
Tom ought to talk to Mary about the problem.
Tom owes Mary slightly over a thousand dollars.
Tom paid the driver and got out of the cab.
Tom paid the driver and got out of the taxi.
Tom paints Easter eggs with his grandchildren every year.
Tom parked the truck in front of Mary's house.
Tom passed away last winter after a long battle with Alzheimer's disease.
Tom patted me on the back and congratulated me.
Tom persuaded Mary to go to the party with him.
Tom persuaded Mary to lend him her new car.
Tom picked up a book, opened it, and started reading it.
Tom picked up some pretty shells on the beach.
Tom placed the gifts under the Christmas tree.
Tom planted a small peach tree in front of his house.
Tom planted three apple trees in his yard.
Tom played a sad song on the piano.
Tom played basketball when he was in college.
Tom played the piano for three hours without taking a break.
Tom plays computer games for hours on end.
Tom plays tennis after school three days a week.
Tom plays tennis with Mary at least once a week.
Tom plays the baritone saxophone and Mary plays the alto saxophone.
Tom plays the bass guitar in our band.
Tom plays the guitar better than anyone else I know.
Tom pointed to each word as he read it.
Tom posted a lewd photo of himself on social media.
Tom poured a cup of tea for Mary.
Tom poured himself a tall glass of milk.
Tom poured Mary a cup of coffee and topped off his own.
Tom poured milk into a bowl for his cat.
Tom poured some milk in a bowl for his cats.
Tom practices the piano at least thirty minutes every day.
Tom pressed a button on the remote control.
Tom pretended not to know what to do.
Tom probably bought it with the money his father gave him.
Tom probably can't do that as well as I can.
Tom probably doesn't even know where Mary lives.
Tom probably doesn't know what Mary hopes he does.
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary parked the car.
Tom probably doesn't really know how to do that yet.
Tom probably hasn't forgotten how to do that.
Tom probably knew more than he told us.
Tom probably shouldn't have bought such an expensive bass guitar.
Tom promised himself he'd never do that again.
Tom promised his mother he'd help her decorate the Christmas tree.
Tom promised his mother that he'd help her decorate the Christmas tree.
Tom promised Mary he wouldn't do that again.
Tom promised Mary that he wouldn't do that again.
Tom promised me he would be here by 2:30.
Tom promised me that he wouldn't tell anybody.
Tom promised me that he wouldn't tell anyone.
Tom promised me that tonight he'd sing that new song he wrote.
Tom promised to write to me every week.
Tom pulled a box from under the bed.
Tom pushed against the door with all his weight.
Tom pushed back his chair and got up.
Tom pushed his shopping cart down the aisle.
Tom pushed me into the pool, so I got out and pushed him in.
Tom pushed the shopping cart for his mother.
Tom put a flea collar on his dog.
Tom put a hand on Mary's right shoulder.
Tom put a new ink cartridge in his pen.
Tom put a star on top of the Christmas tree.
Tom put all his belongings in a small suitcase.
Tom put down his spoon and picked up a fork.
Tom put his cup in the cup holder.
Tom put his money in a shoe box.
Tom put his shoes on the shoe rack.
Tom put new pedals on the bicycle that he rides to school.
Tom put on a pair of latex gloves.
Tom put some food into the dog's dish.
Tom put some presents under the Christmas tree.
Tom put the card face down on the table.
Tom put the first aid kit back where he found it.
Tom put the plate of sandwiches on the table in front of Mary.
Tom put the presents under the Christmas tree.
Tom put the screws in a small plastic bag.
Tom put too much sugar in my coffee.
Tom put two slices of bread into the toaster and pushed down on the lever.
Tom put two sugar cubes in his tea.
Tom puts gas in his car twice a week.
Tom puts too much sugar in his tea.
Tom quietly opened the door and tiptoed into the room.
Tom quite often sleeps more than eight hours.
Tom ran as fast as he was able to.
Tom ran out of matches so he couldn't light the fire.
Tom ran to the door and tried to open it.
Tom read an article about the solar system.
Tom realized that he could get killed in the battle.
Tom realized that he wasn't as smart as the other kids.
Tom realized that what Mary said wasn't true.
Tom really is a nice person, isn't he?
Tom received a fax from Mary this morning.
Tom recommends that you not do that again.
Tom refused to help Mary do her homework.
Tom refused to let Mary in the house.
Tom refused to sing the song Mary requested.
Tom refused to take part in the game.
Tom refused to tell us what he did.
Tom remembered that Mary and John had tried to kill him.
Tom remembered the last time he had hugged Mary.
Tom reminds me of a boy I used to know.
Tom returned from the kitchen with two mugs of coffee and sat down next to Mary.
Tom rewrote his essay and turned it in a day late.
Tom rinsed off the plates and put them into the dishwasher.
Tom rode his bicycle down a quiet residential street.
Tom rummaged about in his rucksack for a pen.
Tom rummaged through the drawer, looking for a pencil.
Tom said Boston is a nice place to visit.
Tom said good night to me and then left.
Tom said he couldn't remember his own phone number.
Tom said he couldn't see himself doing that.
Tom said he didn't even want to think about that.
Tom said he didn't feel like doing that today.
Tom said he didn't have any concrete plans.
Tom said he didn't have time to answer all of my questions.
Tom said he didn't know how to do that.
Tom said he didn't know how to play tennis.
Tom said he didn't know how to swim very well.
Tom said he didn't know what he was supposed to do.
Tom said he didn't know what to do.
Tom said he didn't know where Mary was planning to go.
Tom said he didn't know where Mary was.
Tom said he didn't know why that happened.
Tom said he didn't like chocolate ice cream.
Tom said he didn't plan on staying long.
Tom said he didn't really know what to buy.
Tom said he didn't really know where to go.
Tom said he didn't think Mary wanted to be on the basketball team.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary wanted to be on the basketball team.
Tom said he didn't want anything to eat.
Tom said he didn't want to do that with you.
Tom said he didn't want to eat anything.
Tom said he doesn't even want to think about it.
Tom said he doesn't know anyone in Boston.
Tom said he felt he needed to do that.
Tom said he felt rested and was ready to start hiking again.
Tom said he found something under the couch.
Tom said he had a great time with you.
Tom said he had a lot of money.
Tom said he had more important things to do.
Tom said he had plenty of friends in Boston.
Tom said he had to be with his family on Christmas.
Tom said he hoped he'd be able to do that.
Tom said he hoped he'd be able to help us.
Tom said he isn't going to do that.
Tom said he isn't used to this kind of food.
Tom said he just had to eat something right away.
Tom said he may go to Australia for Christmas.
Tom said he needed to spend a few weeks in Boston.
Tom said he needed to take a nap.
Tom said he regretted not following Mary's advice.
Tom said he saw Mary get into John's car.
Tom said he saw something suspicious the morning Mary died.
Tom said he thought Mary would be here.
Tom said he thought Mary would be reluctant to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary was nervous.
Tom said he thought that pair of shoes were too expensive.
Tom said he wanted to dye his hair black.
Tom said he wanted to quit the band.
Tom said he wanted to take a nap.
Tom said he wanted to talk to me.
Tom said he wanted to talk to you.
Tom said he wants to talk to you.
Tom said he was able to do everything he needed to do.
Tom said he was calling from his cell phone.
Tom said he was glad he did that.
Tom said he was going to be late.
Tom said he was going to shoot himself.
Tom said he was ill, which was a lie.
Tom said he was looking for a place to eat.
Tom said he was looking for someone who speaks French.
Tom said he wasn't expecting any help from you.
Tom said he wasn't interested in doing that.
Tom said he wasn't ready to become a father.
Tom said he wished he hadn't parked his car under that tree.
Tom said he wished he were a fish.
Tom said he wished Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't tried to do that by himself.
Tom said he wished that he were rich.
Tom said he wished that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom said he wouldn't be able to do that today.
Tom said he wouldn't buy any of Mary's paintings.
Tom said he wouldn't mind sleeping on the floor.
Tom said he'd be willing to try anything once.
Tom said he'd do that in a couple of days.
Tom said he'd expected Mary to be at his party.
Tom said he'd like to be a fish.
Tom said he'd like to have another cup of coffee.
Tom said he'd like to know why you didn't do what you said you'd do.
Tom said he'd like to see Mary do that.
Tom said he'd rather not go to Mary's party.
Tom said he'd rather not see that movie.
Tom said he's never seen Mary doing that.
Tom said he's tired of eating Chinese food.
Tom said it was too late to change his schedule.
Tom said it was too risky to go there alone.
Tom said Mary didn't think John did that with Alice.
Tom said Mary is reluctant to do that for us.
Tom said Mary was coming over for dinner.
Tom said Mozart is one of his favorite composers.
Tom said that he agrees it's a problem.
Tom said that he couldn't sleep at all last night.
Tom said that he didn't enjoy his job.
Tom said that he didn't feel like dancing.
Tom said that he didn't have a plan.
Tom said that he didn't hear anybody scream.
Tom said that he didn't know how to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know how to solve the problem.
Tom said that he didn't know how to speak French.
Tom said that he didn't know if he had time to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary's address.
Tom said that he didn't know where Mary was planning to go.
Tom said that he didn't know who Mary's husband was.
Tom said that he didn't plan to go with us.
Tom said that he didn't plan to stay here much longer.
Tom said that he didn't really feel like doing that today.
Tom said that he didn't see anybody in the park.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary was hungry.
Tom said that he didn't want to be disturbed.
Tom said that he didn't want to ever see Mary again.
Tom said that he didn't want to go to Mary's party.
Tom said that he doesn't know the answer.
Tom said that he doesn't know what to do.
Tom said that he doesn't regret his decision.
Tom said that he feels like going out.
Tom said that he had a lot of money.
Tom said that he had been cleaning the house all day.
Tom said that he had found his keys.
Tom said that he had to help Mary.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary will win.
Tom said that he isn't used to this kind of food.
Tom said that he knew why Mary couldn't do that.
Tom said that he needed to go shopping.
Tom said that he never felt in any danger.
Tom said that he thought Mary could probably do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was nervous.
Tom said that he thought that he might be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was nervous.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be hungry.
Tom said that he thought that pair of shoes were too expensive.
Tom said that he thought the judge's decision was unfair.
Tom said that he thought the room was too small.
Tom said that he wanted to be alone and then he went upstairs to his bedroom.
Tom said that he wanted to go swimming.
Tom said that he wanted to go visit Santa Claus at the North Pole.
Tom said that he wanted to kill himself.
Tom said that he was calling from his cell phone.
Tom said that he was going to be late.
Tom said that he was hoping he and Mary could sing together.
Tom said that he was really glad Mary moved to Boston.
Tom said that he was really worried about his future.
Tom said that he wished he were a fish.
Tom said that he wished he were rich.
Tom said that he wished Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he wished that he were rich.
Tom said that he wished that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he won't do that unless I help him.
Tom said that he won't do that unless you help him.
Tom said that he wouldn't buy any of Mary's paintings.
Tom said that he'd be a few minutes late.
Tom said that he'd be the first one to do that.
Tom said that he'd expected Mary to be at his party.
Tom said that he'd like to be a fish.
Tom said that he'd like to know why you didn't do what you said you'd do.
Tom said that he'd wait for Mary until 2:30.
Tom said that he's glad that you weren't injured.
Tom said that it probably wouldn't rain until evening.
Tom said that it was just a coincidence.
Tom said that it was too early to go home.
Tom said that Mary didn't care what he did.
Tom said that Mary died in her sleep.
Tom said that Mary doesn't think John will actually do that.
Tom said that Mary is a good mom.
Tom said that Mary is in Boston now.
Tom said that Mary looked like she was busy.
Tom said that Mary might come back on Monday.
Tom said that Mary was a bad driver.
Tom said that Mary was a good cook.
Tom said that Mary was likely to be sympathetic.
Tom said that Mary wasn't in a hurry.
Tom said that Mary wasn't looking for a job.
Tom said that Mary wasn't the only one who didn't need to do that.
Tom said that Mozart is one of his favorite composers.
Tom said that someone named Mary wanted to see me.
Tom said that the mosquitoes didn't bother him.
Tom said that the pain started three months ago.
Tom said that the soup was too hot.
Tom said that you might be interested in this book.
Tom said that you shouldn't think about it.
Tom said that you told him to wait.
Tom said that you tried to kill him.
Tom said that you wanted to go with us.
Tom said that you wanted to talk to me.
Tom said that you were good at chess.
Tom said that you were meeting him for lunch.
Tom said you might be interested in this book.
Tom said you wanted to talk to me.
Tom said you were meeting him for lunch.
Tom sat alone with a half-empty bottle of wine.
Tom sat at the end of the bar, nursing a beer.
Tom sat in the back of the auditorium.
Tom sat on a stool in the corner.
Tom sat on the beach all day, writing postcards.
Tom sat on the tree stump, reading a book.
Tom saves his pennies and puts them in a big jar.
Tom saw a large rat run across the street.
Tom saw a person with a scary looking face today.
Tom saw a play in the new theater.
Tom saw both Mary and John getting out of their cars.
Tom saw his former employer at a conference.
Tom saw Mary sitting alone on a park bench.
Tom saw Mary stealing money from the cash register.
Tom saw Mary waiting at the bus stop.
Tom saw the newspaper on the floor and picked it up.
Tom says he already knows how to do that.
Tom says he always knew he could do that.
Tom says he and Mary will spend Christmas Day together.
Tom says he can make a decent living as a sidewalk musician.
Tom says he can wait a long time.
Tom says he can't ignore Mary's behavior any longer.
Tom says he did it for the money.
Tom says he did that for the money.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wanted to go to Australia with him.
Tom says he doesn't know much about Boston.
Tom says he doesn't know what to do.
Tom says he doesn't know where Mary bought her pearl necklace.
Tom says he doesn't know why the picnic was canceled.
Tom says he doesn't like chocolate ice cream.
Tom says he doesn't remember what happened that night.
Tom says he doesn't think he could ever do that.
Tom says he doesn't want to study French.
Tom says he dreams about Mary every night.
Tom says he eats more when he's sad.
Tom says he feels much better today than yesterday.
Tom says he has an announcement to make.
Tom says he has no idea where Mary is.
Tom says he has no trouble falling asleep.
Tom says he hasn't eaten in three days.
Tom says he knows how difficult it'll be to do that.
Tom says he knows Mary won't eat raw carrots.
Tom says he knows Mary won't pass her French test.
Tom says he knows that Mary will have to do that.
Tom says he knows that Mary won't pass her French test.
Tom says he knows why you did that.
Tom says he likes Boston better than Chicago.
Tom says he likes the way Mary sings.
Tom says he might dye his goatee red and green for Christmas.
Tom says he needs to talk with you.
Tom says he plans on staying in Australia.
Tom says he plans to stay in Australia.
Tom says he taught himself how to do that.
Tom says he thinks it's a waste of time to vote.
Tom says he wants a puppy for Christmas.
Tom says he will never go there again.
Tom says he won't come to our party.
Tom says he won't get married to Mary.
Tom says he'll pay back all the money he owes me before Monday.
Tom says he's been asked to give a speech.
Tom says he's climbed this mountain three times.
Tom says he's going to grow more vegetables this year.
Tom says he's having trouble coping with the stress.
Tom says he's planning on buying a gift for Mary.
Tom says he's planning on buying Mary a gift.
Tom says he's planning to buy a gift for Mary.
Tom says he's planning to buy Mary a gift.
Tom says he's planning to go back to Australia for Christmas.
Tom says he's planning to go back to Boston for Christmas.
Tom says he's read this book three times.
Tom says Mary didn't seem to be tired.
Tom says that he and Mary will spend Christmas Day together.
Tom says that he didn't know Mary wanted to go to Australia with him.
Tom says that he needs to talk to you.
Tom says that he plans on staying in Australia.
Tom says that he plans to stay in Australia.
Tom says that he thinks it won't be possible to do that.
Tom says that he wants me to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom says that he won't ever do that.
Tom says that he's in love with Mary.
Tom says that he's never owned a car.
Tom says that he's never tasted whale meat.
Tom says that he's never tried eating dog food.
Tom says that he's planning to go back to Australia for Christmas.
Tom says that he's too tired to study.
Tom says that Mary definitely doesn't want to be married.
Tom says this will be the last time he ever does this.
Tom says we can park on either side of the street.
Tom scored 13 points in the third quarter.
Tom screamed and ran out of the room.
Tom screamed at the top of his lungs.
Tom secretly read Mary's diary while she was taking a bath.
Tom seemed genuinely surprised when I told him that Mary had left town.
Tom seemed to be doing a very nice job.
Tom seemed to know Mary didn't do what she was supposed to do.
Tom seemed to know what he had to do.
Tom seems to be able to speak French fairly well.
Tom seems to be about to ask another question.
Tom seems to be aware of what's happening.
Tom seems to be much happier than Mary.
Tom seems to be much younger than Mary.
Tom seems to be unable to interact normally with other people.
Tom seems to be unwilling to lower the price.
Tom seems to have it in for me.
Tom seems to have lost interest in collecting shells.
Tom seems to need to go to the bathroom.
Tom sees Mary at least once a week.
Tom seldom makes mistakes when writing in French.
Tom sends me a Christmas card every year.
Tom sent a dozen roses to Mary on Valentine's Day.
Tom sent a text message to a girl he liked in his class.
Tom sent Christmas cards to all his friends.
Tom sent everyone in the office a Christmas card.
Tom sent Mary a message written in French.
Tom sent money to help Mary care for her children.
Tom sent money to his daughter to Boston.
Tom sent the letter to the wrong address.
Tom shaved off his beard and dyed his hair blonde, hoping people wouldn't recognize him.
Tom shaves every morning as soon as he gets out of the shower.
Tom should ask Mary how to do it.
Tom should have been eating more vegetables and not as much meat.
Tom should have invited Mary, but he didn't.
Tom should let Mary know he likes her.
Tom should let Mary know that he likes her.
Tom should never have borrowed money from Mary.
Tom should take better care of his children.
Tom should take better care of his kids.
Tom shouldn't have dropped out of high school.
Tom shouldn't say things like that to Mary.
Tom should've told Mary that he was married.
Tom showed a photo of his mother to us.
Tom showed her the letter from Santa Claus.
Tom showed Mary how to boil water in a paper cup.
Tom showed Mary several pictures of his house.
Tom showed Mary the scar on his leg.
Tom showed me a picture of his girlfriend.
Tom showed me the poems that he'd written when he was a teenager.
Tom showed up at just the right moment.
Tom showed us a photo of his mother.
Tom showed us a picture of his mother.
Tom sits next to Mary in French class.
Tom skipped dinner saying he was too tired to eat.
Tom slammed on the brakes so he wouldn't hit the dog.
Tom slept in the basement of his store.
Tom smoked at least two packs of cigarettes.
Tom smokes three packs of cigarettes a day.
Tom snores louder than anyone else I know.
Tom snuck out and surreptitiously bought Mary a big bunch of flowers for their wedding anniversary.
Tom sold his car to Mary for three hundred dollars.
Tom sort of took me under his wing.
Tom speaks French as well as I do.
Tom speaks French as well as Mary does.
Tom speaks French much better than he speaks English.
Tom speaks French much better than Mary does.
Tom speaks Japanese better than the Japanese do.
Tom speaks to his father in French and his mother in English.
Tom spends a lot of time on the beach.
Tom spends a lot of time playing football.
Tom spends a lot of time playing video games.
Tom spends about an hour a day practicing the piano.
Tom spends all his free time playing video games.
Tom spends all his time on the computer.
Tom spends most of his money on food.
Tom spends most of his spare time practicing the guitar.
Tom spends most of his time on the road.
Tom spends three hours a day at the gym.
Tom spends too much time on the computer.
Tom spends very little time with his family.
Tom spent a lot of time in Boston in 2013.
Tom spent all of his Christmases at home with his family.
Tom spent all the money he had to buy Mary a Christmas present.
Tom spent Christmas in Boston with his family.
Tom spent more than three years in jail.
Tom spent most of the morning straightening up his office.
Tom spent the night in the small cabin near the lake.
Tom spent the remainder of the night thinking about Mary.
Tom spent the whole evening searching the Web for photos of famous people.
Tom spent the whole morning getting ready for his presentation.
Tom splashed Mary and she splashed him back.
Tom spoiled the movie for Mary by telling her how it ends.
Tom started screaming at me for no reason at all.
Tom started to like Mary more and more.
Tom stayed in the shallow end of the pool.
Tom stayed up all night. Now he's too tired to work.
Tom stayed with us for three weeks last summer.
Tom stepped into the elevator and pushed the button for the third floor.
Tom still doesn't know who's going to be there.
Tom still has a long way to go.
Tom still has the book I lent him.
Tom still hasn't found what he was looking for.
Tom still hasn't taken down his Christmas tree.
Tom still is a good friend of mine.
Tom still isn't used to the way things work here.
Tom still owes me a lot of money.
Tom still works at the same restaurant where Mary works.
Tom still writes to me from time to time.
Tom stole a lot of money from Mary.
Tom stood by himself next to the lamppost.
Tom stopped at a convenience store to buy some milk.
Tom stopped by the drugstore to buy some medicine.
Tom stopped on his way home to buy some meat and vegetables for dinner.
Tom stores most of his data in the cloud.
Tom strung up a hammock between two trees and took a nap.
Tom stuck out his tongue and took a selfie.
Tom studied French for three hours last night.
Tom sucked his thumb until he was three.
Tom suddenly slammed on the brakes to avoid hitting a dog.
Tom suggested that we get an earlier start.
Tom suggested that we not watch that movie.
Tom swerved off the road to avoid hitting a dog.
Tom takes a bath every day just before dinner.
Tom takes a bath every evening after dinner.
Tom takes his teddy bear with him wherever he goes.
Tom takes the kids to the school every day.
Tom takes the trash out every day at six o'clock.
Tom takes very good care of his car.
Tom talked too much and let the secret slip.
Tom tasted the soup and said it was delicious.
Tom taught Mary how to ride a bicycle.
Tom taught me most of the French I know.
Tom tends to only do what he's told to do.
Tom thanked Mary for helping him decorate his Christmas tree.
Tom thinks he can succeed where others have failed.
Tom thinks he's a genius, but I don't agree with him.
Tom thinks he's the only person in town who can play the bagpipes.
Tom thinks I'm going to drink this, but I'm not.
Tom thinks it would be better not to visit Mary right now.
Tom thinks Mary is in Boston, but she's actually in Chicago now.
Tom thinks Mary will be ready to do that on Monday.
Tom thinks that he can save the world.
Tom thinks that he can succeed where others have failed.
Tom thinks that he knows what to do.
Tom thinks that he's a genius, but I don't agree with him.
Tom thinks that he's stronger than I am.
Tom thinks that he's the only person in town who can play the bagpipes.
Tom thinks that I'm going to drink this, but I'm not.
Tom thinks that Mary doesn't get enough sleep.
Tom thinks that Mary is in Boston, but she's actually in Chicago now.
Tom thinks that Mary made a big mistake.
Tom thinks that Mary will be ready to do that on Monday.
Tom thinks that nothing bad can happen to him.
Tom thinks that that's not a good idea.
Tom thinks that women in America wear too much perfume.
Tom thinks that you should talk to Mary.
Tom thinks women in America wear too much perfume.
Tom thinks you're cute, but he's too shy to say anything.
Tom thought he had a chance to survive.
Tom thought he'd be able to help us today.
Tom thought it would be a good idea to leave early.
Tom thought it would be a good idea to see a doctor.
Tom thought Mary was in Australia, but she was actually in New Zealand.
Tom thought Mary would come to his party.
Tom thought Mary would like to go to Boston to see John.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't be able to earn more than thirty dollars an hour.
Tom thought Mary's idea was a good one.
Tom thought that he'd be able to help us today.
Tom thought that I might not be allowed to do that by myself.
Tom thought that Mary might have to stay in Australia until three days before Christmas.
Tom thought that Mary wanted him to kiss her, but he wasn't sure, so he didn't.
Tom thought that Mary was having money problems.
Tom thought that Mary was probably about thirty.
Tom thought that Mary would come to his party.
Tom thought that Mary would never leave him.
Tom thought that Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom threw a piece of meat to the watchdog.
Tom threw an empty beer can at Mary.
Tom threw away all the old newspapers that were in the attic.
Tom threw something at me and I ducked.
Tom threw the apple core into the garbage can.
Tom tied the canoe to the top of his car.
Tom tiptoed into the bedroom to avoid waking up his wife.
Tom told everybody at school about what had happened.
Tom told everybody he didn't know what to do.
Tom told everybody that he didn't know what to do.
Tom told everyone he didn't know what to do.
Tom told his children that Santa Claus wasn't real.
Tom told his parents he wanted a new bicycle for Christmas.
Tom told his parents that he wanted a new bicycle for Christmas.
Tom told Mary he had seen John in October.
Tom told Mary he had to leave early.
Tom told Mary he had to talk to her.
Tom told Mary he'd never lie to her.
Tom told Mary John didn't want to do that.
Tom told Mary not to swim with John.
Tom told Mary not to wait for John.
Tom told Mary she had a nice smile.
Tom told Mary she put up her Christmas decorations too early.
Tom told Mary that he didn't believe in astrology.
Tom told Mary that he didn't have enough money.
Tom told Mary that he didn't like her sense of humor.
Tom told Mary that he had a new girlfriend.
Tom told Mary that he had finished the work a few days ago.
Tom told Mary that he had never really intended to do that.
Tom told Mary that he had to leave early.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was innocent.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was married.
Tom told Mary that he thought she'd been unfair.
Tom told Mary that he would be spending Christmas in Boston.
Tom told Mary that he'd go to Boston in October.
Tom told Mary that she put up her Christmas decorations too early.
Tom told Mary that she should be ashamed of herself.
Tom told Mary that she should move to Boston.
Tom told Mary that she shouldn't go there alone.
Tom told Mary that she shouldn't walk alone after dark.
Tom told Mary that she was the fattest woman he'd ever seen.
Tom told Mary that their relationship was over.
Tom told Mary to keep that a secret.
Tom told Mary where he hid the gold coins.
Tom told Mary why it would be a good idea to do that.
Tom told me a good joke this morning.
Tom told me he checked the oil level.
Tom told me he didn't feel like eating.
Tom told me he didn't get enough sleep.
Tom told me he didn't have much time.
Tom told me he didn't know what to do.
Tom told me he didn't like eating out.
Tom told me he didn't take French in high school.
Tom told me he hadn't done that yet.
Tom told me he hasn't done that yet.
Tom told me he heard a strange noise.
Tom told me he knew how to speak French.
Tom told me he knew where Mary lived.
Tom told me he thought Mary was sick.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was sick.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be home on October 20th.
Tom told me he used to be rich.
Tom told me he wanted to meet my parents.
Tom told me he was determined to do that.
Tom told me he was going to commit suicide.
Tom told me he was going to kill himself.
Tom told me he was going to sell his house.
Tom told me he was having trouble sleeping.
Tom told me he was looking for Mary.
Tom told me he was really happy there.
Tom told me he wasn't feeling very well.
Tom told me he wasn't planning on eating out today.
Tom told me I was the one he wanted to talk to.
Tom told me later that he wasn't really married.
Tom told me not to lock the door.
Tom told me not to say anything to you.
Tom told me not to talk to Mary.
Tom told me that he checked the oil level.
Tom told me that he couldn't really trust Microsoft.
Tom told me that he didn't feel like eating.
Tom told me that he didn't get enough sleep.
Tom told me that he didn't have much time.
Tom told me that he didn't know what to do.
Tom told me that he didn't take French in high school.
Tom told me that he doesn't have any brothers or sisters.
Tom told me that he doesn't want that.
Tom told me that he hadn't done that yet.
Tom told me that he hasn't done that yet.
Tom told me that he hoped that Mary wouldn't be tempted to do that.
Tom told me that he knew how to speak French.
Tom told me that he knew where Mary lived.
Tom told me that he liked working with Mary.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was sick.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be home on October 20th.
Tom told me that he used to be rich.
Tom told me that he wanted to cry.
Tom told me that he wants to meet my parents.
Tom told me that he was a doctor.
Tom told me that he was determined to do that.
Tom told me that he was going to commit suicide.
Tom told me that he was going to kill himself.
Tom told me that he was going to sell his house.
Tom told me that he was having trouble sleeping.
Tom told me that he was looking for Mary.
Tom told me that he was really busy.
Tom told me that he was really happy there.
Tom told me that he wasn't afraid of Mary.
Tom told me that he wasn't happy here.
Tom told me that he wasn't planning on eating out today.
Tom told me that he wasn't used to speaking in public.
Tom told me that he went to Boston.
Tom told me that he would leave soon.
Tom told me that he'd do that soon.
Tom told me that his father wasn't home.
Tom told me that Mary died on Monday.
Tom told me that Mary was on a diet.
Tom told me that Mary was the one who told him that.
Tom told me that Mary would be ready to do that.
Tom told me that the book was interesting.
Tom told me to treat others with respect.
Tom told me what he wanted for Christmas.
Tom told me what he'd like for Christmas.
Tom told me where you hid the gold coins.
Tom told me which book I should buy.
Tom told me why he didn't want to go.
Tom told me why he wasn't able to do that.
Tom told me you and Mary were dating.
Tom told us a whole pack of lies.
Tom told us about his last trip to Boston.
Tom told us about what he did in Boston.
Tom told us that he had a headache.
Tom took a book down from the shelf.
Tom took a sandwich out of the bag and started eating it.
Tom took a selfie and sent it to Mary.
Tom took a selfie while flexing his muscles.
Tom took a twenty dollar bill out of his pocket.
Tom took another sip from his glass of beer.
Tom took care of our children last weekend.
Tom took his clothes off and put them into the washing machine.
Tom took his girlfriend out on Saturday night.
Tom took his new car out for a spin.
Tom took Mary in his arms and kissed her.
Tom took Mary's hands and held them tightly.
Tom took more than one picture, didn't he?
Tom took off his coat and hung it up.
Tom took off his lab coat and hung it over the chair.
Tom took off his watch and put it on the table.
Tom took off his wedding ring and threw it into the pond.
Tom took out his cell phone so that he could take a selfie.
Tom took out his wallet to pay the bill.
Tom took out some coins and handed one to Mary.
Tom took some coins out of his pocket.
Tom took some measures to prevent it from happening again.
Tom took the hook out of the fish's mouth.
Tom took the sheets off the bed and put them in the washing machine.
Tom took the sheets off the bed and put them into the washing machine.
Tom took the stairs two at a time.
Tom translated a letter from French to English for his boss.
Tom translated the letter into French for me.
Tom tried in vain to hide his pain.
Tom tried to act as if nothing had happened.
Tom tried to convince Mary to dye her hair red.
Tom tried to do it, but he couldn't.
Tom tried to drown himself in his bathtub.
Tom tried to get Mary to go to the park with him.
Tom tried to get Mary to tell the truth.
Tom tried to kiss Mary, but she backed away.
Tom tried to kiss Mary, but she leaned back.
Tom tried to look through the keyhole, but couldn't see anything.
Tom tried to open the door, but he couldn't.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to stay at home.
Tom tried to persuade me to go with him.
Tom tried to push Mary into the water.
Tom tried to remember what Mary had told him.
Tom tried to stand up, but he couldn't.
Tom tried to talk to Mary, but she didn't want to talk to him.
Tom tried to talk to us in French.
Tom tried to tell Mary what she needed to do.
Tom turned off the engine and shut off the headlights.
Tom turned off the engine, but left the headlights on.
Tom turned on the desk lamp and started working.
Tom turned on the small lamp on his bedside table.
Tom turned over a new leaf when he met Mary.
Tom unbuckled his seat belt and got out of the car.
Tom understands French better than he speaks it.
Tom unfastened his seatbelt and got out of the car.
Tom used to be a better cook than Mary.
Tom used to be a professional baseball player.
Tom used to be in a relationship with Mary.
Tom used to come here all the time.
Tom used to eat a lot of meat.
Tom used to sing better than he does now.
Tom used to smoke two packs of cigarettes a day.
Tom used to spend a lot of time with his grandparents.
Tom usually gets to work at least thirty minutes early.
Tom usually has a glass of wine before dinner to whet his appetite.
Tom usually only wears glasses when he reads.
Tom usually plays a drum solo at least once every time his band gives a concert.
Tom visited some beautiful castles and museums in Germany.
Tom visits me every time he comes to Australia.
Tom visits me every time he comes to Boston.
Tom waited for Mary for a long time.
Tom waited for Mary in front of the library all morning.
Tom waited outside in the pouring rain for over an hour.
Tom waited patiently for three hours, then left.
Tom walked across the room and opened the window.
Tom walked into the living room, still buttoning his shirt.
Tom walked to the front of the room.
Tom wanted Mary to bring him a cup of coffee.
Tom wanted Mary to come to Australia for Christmas.
Tom wanted Mary to come to Boston for Christmas.
Tom wanted Mary to have a good time.
Tom wanted Mary to help him in the garden.
Tom wanted Mary to know he didn't hate her.
Tom wanted Mary to know that he didn't hate her.
Tom wanted Mary to say that she loved him.
Tom wanted Mary to sing his favorite song.
Tom wanted Mary to stay at home with the children.
Tom wanted Mary to stay with him forever.
Tom wanted Mary to take care of his kids.
Tom wanted Mary to tell him about her childhood.
Tom wanted Mary to wait for him at the library.
Tom wanted me to meet him at the station.
Tom wanted me to walk home with him.
Tom wanted one, but he had no idea where he could get one.
Tom wanted the job, but he wasn't hired.
Tom wanted the job, but they didn't hire him.
Tom wanted to ask a question, but he didn't want to seem stupid.
Tom wanted to ask Mary how old she was, but he thought that maybe he shouldn't.
Tom wanted to ask questions, but he didn't.
Tom wanted to be the first one to get off the bus.
Tom wanted to dance with Mary all night.
Tom wanted to get out of bed, but he couldn't.
Tom wanted to help, but he didn't have time.
Tom wanted to keep his bicycle in my garage.
Tom wanted to open the box to see what was inside.
Tom wanted to pull the trigger, but couldn't.
Tom wanted to spend Christmas with his family.
Tom wanted to spend more time with his family.
Tom wanted to spend some time in the country.
Tom wanted to spend the rest of his life in America.
Tom wanted to take Mary in his arms and kiss her.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary about it.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary face to face.
Tom wanted to turn over a new leaf.
Tom wants a better percentage of the profits.
Tom wants desperately to believe that what Mary said is true.
Tom wants everyone to get out of here.
Tom wants his father buried next to his mother.
Tom wants Mary to know he isn't planning on asking her to marry him.
Tom wants Mary to know he's not planning on asking her to marry him.
Tom wants me to stay away from him.
Tom wants to ask us a few questions.
Tom wants to buy a bass guitar, but he doesn't have enough money.
Tom wants to buy a house in Boston.
Tom wants to call his uncle, but he can't seem to get a hold of him.
Tom wants to come to Boston with us.
Tom wants to come with us to Boston.
Tom wants to forgive his father for abandoning him.
Tom wants to get a tattoo on his chest.
Tom wants to go home, but he can't.
Tom wants to go through a few things with Mary.
Tom wants to help, but he says he's too busy.
Tom wants to keep things the way they are.
Tom wants to know more about Mary's past.
Tom wants to know what's going to happen next.
Tom wants to know which of the books is the most interesting.
Tom wants to learn to sing in French.
Tom wants to live in the country after he retires.
Tom wants to say yes, but he can't.
Tom wants to see Mary in his office.
Tom wants you to buy him a ticket, too.
Tom wants you to call him as soon as possible.
Tom wants you to do him a favor.
Tom wants you to go to Boston with him.
Tom warned Mary to stay away from his house.
Tom warned me it would be noisy here.
Tom warned me it would be smoky here.
Tom was a better cook than Mary was when they got married.
Tom was a good friend of yours, wasn't he?
Tom was a little overweight when he was a child.
Tom was a school bus driver before he became a taxi driver.
Tom was a teacher for nearly thirty years.
Tom was a truck driver before he became a race car driver.
Tom was a very good friend until he stole my girlfriend.
Tom was able to do everything he wanted to do.
Tom was able to do what he wanted.
Tom was able to do what the rest of us weren't able to do.
Tom was about to kiss Mary when her father walked into the room.
Tom was about to say something, but he stopped himself.
Tom was acquitted because of lack of evidence.
Tom was afraid that Mary might change her mind.
Tom was afraid that no one would show up for the party.
Tom was afraid that they'd lock him up and throw away the key.
Tom was afraid to go there by himself.
Tom was alone last night at the bar.
Tom was angry with Mary because she was in his parking space.
Tom was apparently murdered while he was sleeping.
Tom was arrested as a suspect in a criminal case.
Tom was ashamed to tell anybody what happened.
Tom was asked to be best man at Mary's brother's wedding.
Tom was at Mary's house on Monday afternoon.
Tom was at the right place at the right time.
Tom was attacked by a swarm of bees.
Tom was awakened by a knock on the door.
Tom was badly injured in a traffic accident.
Tom was born before his twin brother was.
Tom was born three days before Christmas of 2013.
Tom was born three months earlier than me.
Tom was charged with drunken driving after he was involved in a car accident in Boston.
Tom was determined to finish the job before he went home.
Tom was drunk and obnoxious at the party and started a brawl.
Tom was escorted out of the building by security guards.
Tom was fatter three years ago than he is now.
Tom was fed up with waiting for Mary.
Tom was found dead in the alley behind the restaurant.
Tom was frightened and didn't want to be left alone.
Tom was going to do that for Mary.
Tom was going to lie, but he ended up spilling the beans.
Tom was guilty of spreading lies about Mary.
Tom was heartbroken when Mary told him she was leaving him.
Tom was heartbroken when Mary told him that she was leaving him.
Tom was here just a few minutes ago.
Tom was highly educated and spoke several languages fluently.
Tom was hit by a car and died.
Tom was holding something in his left hand.
Tom was home alone in Boston last Christmas.
Tom was hoping we'd do that with Mary.
Tom was horrified when he noticed that his daughter had had her tongue pierced.
Tom was in a bad mood all day yesterday.
Tom was in almost every photo in Mary's album.
Tom was in almost every picture in Mary's album.
Tom was in Boston when the war began.
Tom was in no mood to talk to Mary.
Tom was in the right place at the right time.
Tom was late for class, as is often the case.
Tom was late to work because he forgot to set his alarm.
Tom was leaning against the porch railing with a drink in his hand.
Tom was living in Australia in those days.
Tom was looking at a map of the area.
Tom was looking for place to eat that had reasonable prices.
Tom was lucky that he didn't get killed.
Tom was Mary's best friend in high school.
Tom was Mary's boyfriend before she met John.
Tom was mauled by a dog when he was a kid.
Tom was much taller than I was when we were in elementary school.
Tom was mugged on his way home from work.
Tom was normally very reliable and his absence from the meeting was inexplicable.
Tom was obviously worried about what might happen.
Tom was one of my best friends in high school.
Tom was one of the soldiers we met the other day.
Tom was pacing in his room, unable to calm himself down.
Tom was planning to go to Boston the day after Christmas.
Tom was probably about thirteen when he did that.
Tom was probably drunk when he did that.
Tom was probably the shortest person in the room.
Tom was reading a book while listening to music.
Tom was reading a letter written in French.
Tom was really glad to hear that Mary was going to help him move.
Tom was right when he said that I wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom was scared to go there by himself.
Tom was sentenced to fifteen years in jail for being an accessory to murder.
Tom was shorter than me when we were kids.
Tom was sitting at the bar three stools away, drinking beer.
Tom was sitting in the library, reading a book.
Tom was sitting in the shade of a tree and reading a book.
Tom was sitting near a very attractive woman.
Tom was so hungry that he ate dog food.
Tom was so sad that he didn't want to speak to anyone.
Tom was stabbed to death by someone on the subway.
Tom was starting to feel a little uncomfortable.
Tom was startled by a knock on the door.
Tom was still drunk when I saw him this morning.
Tom was still in high school at the time.
Tom was stuck in a traffic jam for what seemed like hours.
Tom was surprised how well Mary could play the saxophone.
Tom was tasked with gathering wood for the fire.
Tom was the first boy to hug Mary.
Tom was the first one here, wasn't he?
Tom was the oldest person in the room.
Tom was the one who bought my house.
Tom was the one who broke the window.
Tom was the one who made me eat it.
Tom was the one who planted the roses in our garden.
Tom was the one who planted these flowers.
Tom was the one who talked me into doing that.
Tom was the one who taught me how to milk a goat.
Tom was the one who taught me how to sing country music.
Tom was the one who told Mary how to do that.
Tom was the one who took this picture.
Tom was the only one in the house.
Tom was the only one who got injured.
Tom was the only one who saw anything.
Tom was the only one who was hurt.
Tom was the only one who was nice to me.
Tom was the star of the football team.
Tom was the worst student in the class.
Tom was there for me when I really needed someone.
Tom was too short to reach the top shelf.
Tom was too tired to even smile at Mary.
Tom was trying to control his own violent temper.
Tom was unaware Mary was staring at him.
Tom was unwilling to pay that much money for a secondhand computer.
Tom was very aware that every eye in the room was on him.
Tom was very happy when his team won.
Tom was very unhappy about having to spend Christmas in the hospital.
Tom was wearing a bulletproof vest, so the bullet didn't kill him.
Tom was wearing a Santa hat at the Christmas party.
Tom was wearing an old T-shirt with holes in it.
Tom was wearing an orange jumpsuit and his hands were cuffed in front of him.
Tom was wearing his pajamas when he opened the door.
Tom was wearing shoes, but he wasn't wearing socks.
Tom was willing to sacrifice everything for you.
Tom was wondering how he was supposed to get around without a car.
Tom was worried his cat would never come back.
Tom was worried that his cat would never come back.
Tom was worried that someone would discover details about his past.
Tom was writing at his desk when Mary entered the room.
Tom washed the apple before he ate it.
Tom washes his car at least once a week.
Tom wasn't able to find a babysitter on such short notice.
Tom wasn't able to sleep on the bus.
Tom wasn't able to take his eyes off of Mary.
Tom wasn't able to talk at the meeting.
Tom wasn't allowed to tell Mary everything he knew.
Tom wasn't aware Mary was staring at him.
Tom wasn't aware of the gravity of the situation.
Tom wasn't born in Boston. He was born in Chicago.
Tom wasn't ready to accept Mary's love or friendship.
Tom wasn't rescued by Mary. He was rescued by John.
Tom wasn't smiling when he entered the room.
Tom wasn't stupid enough to tell Mary what he really thought.
Tom wasn't the one who borrowed my car.
Tom wasn't the only one that was arrested.
Tom wears a kilt when he plays the bagpipes.
Tom wears the same color clothes every day.
Tom went back to his own room and lay down.
Tom went back to his room and lay down.
Tom went Christmas caroling with other members of his church choir.
Tom went down into the cellar and came back with a bottle of wine.
Tom went down into the cellar and returned with a bottle of wine.
Tom went into his room and closed the door.
Tom went into the kitchen to get some coffee.
Tom went into the living room to see if Mary was still there.
Tom went into the room and slammed the door behind him.
Tom went on a business trip last week.
Tom went out for a breath of fresh air.
Tom went out to play with his friends.
Tom went to a costume party last weekend.
Tom went to a nearby convenience store to buy something to eat.
Tom went to Australia the day after Christmas.
Tom went to Boston by airplane last year.
Tom went to Boston to meet a friend.
Tom went to his room, changed into his pajamas, and got into bed.
Tom went to his study and locked the door.
Tom went to Japan on a work holiday visa.
Tom went to school to learn how to tune pianos.
Tom went to the drugstore to buy some cough syrup.
Tom whispered something in Mary's ear and she nodded.
Tom whispered something into Mary's ear and she smiled.
Tom will bake a cake for Mary's birthday party.
Tom will be able to do that today, I think.
Tom will be absent today because he has a cold.
Tom will be angry if Mary does that.
Tom will be away for at least a week.
Tom will be back just in time for Christmas.
Tom will be disappointed if you don't go to his party.
Tom will be happy to see you again.
Tom will be in Boston for a week.
Tom will be on the same plane as me.
Tom will be on the same plane I'll be on.
Tom will be on the same plane that I'll be on.
Tom will be present at the meeting, too.
Tom will be staying with his cousin over Christmas.
Tom will be very sad if Mary leaves.
Tom will be very suspicious if you do that.
Tom will buy a house on Park Street.
Tom will buy a new car next weekend.
Tom will come back when he feels like it.
Tom will eat onions if they've been cooked, but he doesn't eat raw onions.
Tom will get into trouble if he eats all the cookies.
Tom will leave the company at the end of the year.
Tom will likely be gone by the time we get there.
Tom will move out of his parents' house.
Tom will never be able to do it by himself.
Tom will never know it was you who told me.
Tom will possibly be here within the hour.
Tom will probably be the last one to arrive.
Tom will probably not be able to persuade Mary to drive.
Tom will probably still be in Australia on Christmas day.
Tom will probably want to stay until Monday.
Tom will spend Christmas Eve with his family.
Tom will spend the rest of his life in prison.
Tom will thank me for this one of these days.
Tom will try to convince Mary to accept your offer.
Tom will wait as long as you tell him to.
Tom wiped off the table with a damp rag.
Tom wished he had somebody to talk to.
Tom wished that he could play tennis as well as Mary.
Tom wished that he had somebody to talk to.
Tom wished that he had someone to talk to.
Tom wishes for his son to inherit his estate.
Tom wishes he could swap places with Mary.
Tom woke Mary up at 6:30 and she wasn't happy about that.
Tom woke Mary up in the middle of the night.
Tom woke Mary up with a kiss on the cheek.
Tom woke the children up and told them to get ready for school.
Tom woke up at the crack of dawn.
Tom won a prize in the spelling competition.
Tom wondered how long it would take to finish the job.
Tom wondered if Mary was as nervous as he was.
Tom wondered if what Mary said was true.
Tom wondered when Mary had bought the milk that was in the refrigerator.
Tom wondered where to hang up his coat.
Tom wondered whether it would be hard to find a job in Boston.
Tom wondered why Mary had stayed in Boston.
Tom won't admit it, but he's secretly in love with Mary.
Tom won't admit that he's done anything wrong.
Tom won't be able to do that that soon.
Tom won't be going camping with us this weekend.
Tom won't be in time for the meeting.
Tom won't be spending Christmas with his family.
Tom won't get back to Boston until after Christmas.
Tom won't leave until he's talked to Mary.
Tom won't let Mary do anything she wants to do.
Tom won't sell his cello, even though he desperately needs money.
Tom works as many hours as I do.
Tom works at a computer company in Boston.
Tom works at one of the city's most popular restaurants.
Tom works at one of the most popular restaurants in town.
Tom works on a 300-acre Christmas tree farm.
Tom would be very disappointed if Mary did that.
Tom would do anything for his sister, Mary.
Tom would do anything to get Mary's attention.
Tom would just like to know what he did wrong.
Tom would lend you money if you asked him to.
Tom would like to be reincarnated as a woman.
Tom would like to go to the movies with you.
Tom would like to visit the Eiffel Tower.
Tom would never say something like that to Mary.
Tom would probably do exactly the same thing we would do.
Tom wouldn't allow Mary to drive his car.
Tom wouldn't let me call an ambulance so I drove him to the hospital myself.
Tom wouldn't mind eating meat and potatoes every day of the week.
Tom would've called Mary if he'd had her phone number.
Tom would've liked you. It's too bad that you never met each other.
Tom would've made the same decision I'm making if he were in my shoes.
Tom writes everything down so he won't forget it.
Tom writes something in his diary every evening, no matter how tired he is.
Tom writes to me at least once a week.
Tom wrote a letter to Mary in French.
Tom wrote a lot of letters to Mary.
Tom wrote a message on the piece of paper and put it in the bottle.
Tom wrote an article for the school newspaper.
Tom wrote his name on all his notebooks.
Tom wrote his phone number on a napkin and handed it to Mary.
Tom wrote something on a piece of paper.
Tom wrote the message to Mary in French.
Tom, are you a dog person or a cat person?
Tom, could you shut up for just ten seconds?
Tom, do you think I'm a good person?
Tom, how old were you when you left Australia?
Tom, I especially want to talk to you.
Tom, I have something to say to you.
Tom, I want to have a talk with you.
Tom, I'm in trouble. I need you to come get me.
Tom, Mary and John are sitting around the table.
Tom, Mary and John were each given three hundred dollars.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all went to the park to play on the merry-go-round.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all Canadians.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice sat around the fire.
Tom, Mary, John and I often play cards on Monday.
Tom, there's something I want to give you.
Tom, what's wrong? Your face is bright red.
Tom, what's wrong? Your face is very red.
Tom, who are you going to spend Christmas with?
Tom, who had been working all day, wanted to have a rest.
Tom, you were supposed to call Mary! Why haven't you?
Tomatoes are delicious whether you eat them raw, cooked or braised.
Tomorrow I'm going to meet my girlfriend's parents.
Tomorrow morning, wake me up at 6:00, please.
Tomorrow, God willing, we'll be with your parents.
Tomorrow, I'll take the books to the library.
Tomorrow, I'm going to study at the library.
Tom's a beginner, but he catches on fast.
Tom's a great guy to hang out with.
Tom's at the door. Please ask him to come in.
Tom's book about his life with Mary sold like hot cakes.
Tom's broken arm took several weeks to heal.
Tom's car is easily recognizable since there is a big dent in the front bumper.
Tom's death has been officially ruled as an accident.
Tom's doctor advised him to cut down on his sugar intake.
Tom's dog left muddy paw prints all over his new carpet.
Tom's face feels rough because he needs to shave.
Tom's family showed a video of his life at his funeral.
Tom's father promised to buy him a motorcycle.
Tom's French pronunciation isn't as good as he thinks it is.
Tom's garage is filled with things that he never uses.
Tom's girlfriend is a lot younger than he is.
Tom's goal is to own a home before he's thirty.
Tom's gotten fatter since the last time I saw him.
Tom's grandfather and Mary's grandfather fought together in World War II.
Tom's grandfather told him stories about tipping over outhouses as a kid.
Tom's horse is fast, but mine is faster.
Tom's house is only three blocks away from here.
Tom's house was struck by lightning and burned to the ground.
Tom's impeccable manners made a big impression on Mary's parents.
Tom's jokes are hilarious and get even better after he's had a few beers.
Tom's lost a lot of blood, but he hasn't lost consciousness.
Tom's lunch includes a sandwich and an apple.
Tom's mother doesn't think anyone is good enough for Tom.
Tom's mother doesn't think that anyone is good enough for Tom.
Tom's mother would've been very proud of him.
Tom's negative attitude is beginning to irritate me.
Tom's new wife is younger than his daughter from his first marriage.
Tom's parents emigrated to Australia in the sixties.
Tom's parents got divorced when he was thirteen years old.
Tom's parents got divorced when he was thirteen.
Tom's parents got divorced when he was very young.
Tom's parents let him do what he wants to do.
Tom's parents were asleep when he got home.
Tom's parents were asleep when Tom got home.
Tom's reaction was the opposite of what Mary had expected.
Tom's stopped watching the news because the constant war coverage was getting him down.
Tom's thinking of moving so he'll be closer to Mary.
Tom's was the first name on the list of persons of interest after Mary's murder.
Tom's way of speaking got on my nerves.
Tom's wife doesn't like it when he smokes in the living room.
Tom's wife is almost as ugly as he is.
Tom's yearly salary has been the same for the past three years.
Tom's younger brother is dating Mary's older sister.
Tonight I'm going to see an old friend.
Too much of anything is bad, but too much good whiskey is barely enough.
Too much of what's happening in our country today is not normal.
Torture was used to wring confessions from them.
Toudaiji is the bigger of the two temples.
Tourism has become the mainstay of the economy.
Tourists from all over the world come here.
Tourists take over this island in the summer.
Translating is not nearly as easy as many people might think.
Traveling by boat is a lot of fun.
Traveling was much more difficult in those days.
Trees are habitats for animals, such as squirrels and birds.
Trees give off oxygen and absorb carbon dioxide.
Try not to spend so much time complaining about things you can't change.
Try on this new suit to see if it fits well.
Try these shoes on and see if they fit you.
Try to answer as many questions as possible.
Try to avoid talking about religion and politics.
Try to be more punctual from now on.
Try to do one thing at a time.
Try to find out if everything he said is true.
Try to forget about it for a few minutes.
Try to get home before it gets dark.
Try to have a positive attitude about everything.
Try to make good use of your spare time.
Try to make it last a little longer.
Try to make the most of every opportunity.
Try to make the most of your time.
Try to see how far you can jump.
Try to see it from their point of view.
Try to slice the meat with a different knife.
Trying to convince Tom will be a waste of time.
Trying to do such a thing is a waste of time.
Trying to find happiness only makes you unhappy.
Tsunamis swept through rice fields and flooded the towns.
Tufts University is a very famous school in Boston.
Turn off the light and go to sleep.
Turn off the light before you go to bed.
Turn on the heater if you feel cold.
Turn on the light. I can't see anything.
Turn right at the end of that street.
Turn the Christmas tree lights off when you leave the house.
Turn the light on. I can't see anything.
TV plays an important part in everyday life.
Twelve years old is old for a dog.
Two hundred dollars is a lot to me.
Two men are trying to figure out what's wrong with the car.
Two months have passed since he left for France.
Two people riding on a bicycle at the same time is dangerous.
Two thirds of the employees of this company are engineers.
Two weeks have passed and I haven't seen you.
Two years went by before I could find a good job.
Two, four, six and eight are even numbers.
Tyrannical governments frequently put their political opponents in prison.
UK is the abbreviation for the United Kingdom.
Unable to accomplish the task by himself, he turned to me for help.
Uncle Tom sends us Christmas presents every year.
Under normal circumstances, I'd agree to do that.
Unfortunately, I already have plans for that day.
Unfortunately, I broke my leg in an accident and could not continue.
Unfortunately, I can't come tomorrow; I have a meeting.
Unfortunately, I have to get up early every morning.
Unfortunately, I only understood half of what I read.
Unfortunately, Tom let the cat out of the bag.
Uninstall that app. It's nothing but a waste of time.
Unless I leave right away, I'll be late for my appointment.
Unless it's something fairly impressive, I won't remember it.
Unless there is a miracle, we won't be able to make it on time.
Unless we find some way to drum up more business, bankruptcy will be our only option.
Unless whales are protected, they will become extinct.
Unless you hurry, you'll be late for school.
Unless you stop fighting, I'll call the police.
Until now, I've never been spoken to by a foreigner.
Until that day, I had never eaten dog meat.
Until yesterday, I had never seen Tom dance.
Until you admit that you were wrong, I'm not going to talk to you.
Unusually warm weather caused problems for the apple harvest.
Unwittingly, he told her exactly what she wanted to know.
Up to that time he had been staying with his uncle.
Upon arriving home, he immediately set about preparing a meal.
Upon seeing what was happening, we decided to leave.
Uranium is used in the production of nuclear power.
Use your common sense in that kind of a situation.
Using a flashlight, the policeman signaled the car to stop.
Venice is one of the world's most romantic cities.
Venus is also known as the Morning Star.
Very fat people waddle when they walk, though few of them realize it.
Very good, but you're capable of doing better.
Violent clashes broke out between the protesters and the police.
Visitors are usually asked to remove their shoes before they enter a Japanese house.
Vivaldi wrote a lot of music for the bassoon.
Wait for me downstairs. I'll be there in a minute.
Wait for me here and don't go anywhere.
Wait for me here. I'll be right back.
Wait here. I'll get you something to eat.
Wake up. This is the end of the line.
Waking up is the opposite of going to sleep.
Walking along the street, I found a wallet.
Walking along the street, I met an old friend.
Walking down the street, I ran into an old friend.
Walking to work in this heat is a bad idea.
Warm and humid weather increases the number of crimes.
Was it a lie when you said you loved me?
Was it hard for you to find my house?
Was it you that left the door open last night?
Was it your idea to postpone the meeting?
Was that all you wanted to say to me?
Was that you I heard singing in the shower?
Was the bath water hot enough for you?
Was there anything else you wanted me to do?
Was there anything on the news about the accident?
Was there something you wanted to tell me?
Was this wall built to keep people out or to keep them in?
Was Tom the one who told you where to park?
Was your high school's basketball team a good team?
Wash the shirt in soapy water and the stains will come out.
Wash your face before you go to school.
Wash your hands before you handle the food.
Washing dishes is something I don't really enjoy doing.
Washing the car took longer than we expected.
Washing your hands regularly is a good way to prevent catching some diseases.
Washington, D.C., is the capital of the United States of America.
Watch out for the sparks that are flying out of the fireplace!
Watch out! There's a pothole in the road.
Water and oil are two different types of fluid.
Water freezes at zero degrees Celsius, doesn't it?
Water is leaking into my goggles. I don't think they fit right.
Water is liquid. When it freezes, it becomes solid.
Water is to fish what air is to man.
Water makes up most of the earth's surface.
Water turns into steam when it is boiled.
Water was coming out of the damaged pipe.
We abandoned the plan to go on a picnic.
We accept all major credit and debit cards.
We adjourned the meeting until the following Friday.
We adults shouldn't destroy the intelligent and creative capacity of children.
We agreed to start early the next morning.
We all agree that we should leave early.
We all chipped in to buy our teacher a birthday present.
We all consider your idea to be impractical.
We all jumped into the water at the same time.
We all knew it would happen sooner or later.
We all knew that it would happen sooner or later.
We all knew what the risks were when we volunteered.
We all know dogs like to gnaw on bones.
We all know how this is going to end.
We all know that dogs like to gnaw on bones.
We all know that eating a balanced diet is good for you.
We all know that no one is perfect.
We all live within a five minutes' walk from each other.
We all mourned for the people killed in the accident.
We all need help from time to time.
We all need to learn to deal with this situation.
We all pigged out at the company Christmas party, especially on the roast beef.
We all thought it would be impossible to do that.
We all want to know why you weren't here yesterday.
We all wanted to know why Tom couldn't come.
We all wondered why she had dumped such a nice man.
We almost always speak to each other in French.
We almost got them where we want them.
We already have three events booked for next week.
We always go to church on Christmas Eve.
We always have a party on his birthday.
We appreciate the opportunity you've given us to learn more about your organization.
We are all eager to know the truth.
We are all eager to see the movie.
We are always in some kind of danger.
We are aware of the error and are working on a solution.
We are bound to each other by a close friendship.
We are busy preparing for our wedding and honeymoon.
We are entering a new phase in the war.
We are expecting the publication of his book.
We are faced with a host of problems.
We are familiar with the legend of Robin Hood.
We are fighting an enemy we don't know.
We are fully aware of the importance of the situation.
We are giving a farewell party for him tonight.
We are going to have a party on Saturday night.
We are going to his house. Want to come with?
We are going to make up for lost time by taking a short cut.
We are going to visit our aunt next Sunday.
We are good friends now, but there was a time when we didn't like each other.
We are grateful to you for your help.
We are having a serious talk about your future.
We are having an international trade fair this month.
We are in a fierce competition with that company.
We are just in time for the last train.
We are looking for someone who is proficient in French.
We are looking forward to going on a hike next week.
We are looking forward to seeing you and your family.
We are looking forward to seeing you soon.
We are looking forward to your visit to our new office.
We are not here for fun and games.
We are not short of oil in this country.
We are not supposed to drink in this theater.
We are not too young to tell what love is like.
We are on the cusp of a big breakthrough.
We are prone to judge everyone by ourselves.
We are responsible for your protection from now on.
We are sorry to say that we cannot give you that information.
We are sorry we are unable to accept your request.
We are still clinging to the dreams of our youth.
We are studying hard in preparation for the exams.
We are subject to the laws of nature.
We are supposed to take off our shoes at the entrance.
We are the same age, but different heights.
We are using a new process to make butter.
We are working in the interest of peace.
We aren't going to have an office Christmas party this year.
We aren't going to stay at that hotel again.
We arrived at the airport three hours before our flight.
We arrived at the museum after a ten-minute walk.
We arrived on the island two days later.
We arrived to find a huge meal ready for us.
We asked him on the interphone if he could come downstairs quickly.
We associate the name of Darwin with the theory of evolution.
We associate the name of Einstein with the theory of relativity.
We ate a nice meal and drank wine.
We ate an early lunch while we were at the mall.
We ate cotton candy at the state fair.
We ate lunch together and then we chatted for an hour.
We ate until we couldn't eat any more.
We become very shorthanded at the end of the year.
We began to walk again as soon as she was recovered.
We believe the time of death was 2:20 p.m.
We blew up a huge rock with dynamite.
We both know that you don't belong here.
We both know that you don't live where you say you do.
We both know what needs to be done.
We both know you don't live where you say you do.
We bought our new neighbors a clock as a housewarming gift.
We bought our plane tickets two months in advance.
We brought the piano in through the window.
We buy a lot of things from them.
We came to a fork in the road.
We came to a place where the road branched into two lanes.
We came to an agreement on a price.
We came to the conclusion that he should be fired.
We can build a wall with bricks and mortar.
We can continue playing, as long as we don't make too much noise.
We can depend on her to help us.
We can do a lot more than that.
We can drive in Japan when we are eighteen years old.
We can either go to the beach or go mountain climbing. We can't do both.
We can enjoy skiing here all the year round.
We can get a beautiful view of the sea from the hill.
We can get what we want without your help.
We can go somewhere else if you want.
We can hear the church bell every morning.
We can leave our baggage in a locker.
We can let you have it on credit.
We can meet next week if you want.
We can save a little time if we do what Tom suggests.
We can see distant objects with a telescope.
We can see the island in the distance.
We can see things in the distance using a telescope.
We can talk about it in the future.
We cannot offer a further price reduction under the current circumstances.
We cannot put up with their rudeness any longer.
We cannot reimburse you without proof that you made the purchase.
We cannot rule out the possibility of an accident.
We cannot rule out the possibility that civil war will break out in that country.
We cannot tell a good person from a bad one by looks alone.
We can't add days to our life, but we can add life to our days.
We can't afford to buy a new car.
We can't afford to live in Boston anymore.
We can't afford to lose ground right now.
We can't afford to make this kind of mistake again.
We can't afford to waste any more time.
We can't be sure about that, can we?
We can't be sure of the total cost yet.
We can't be the only two people who forgot to pay our bills on time.
We can't be the only two people who're late.
We can't begin the meeting until we have a quorum.
We can't change history, but we can learn from it.
We can't do anything until we get back to the office.
We can't do what Tom has asked us to do.
We can't find a good sewing machine anywhere.
We can't have all those people over for dinner.
We can't hold the enemy off much longer.
We can't just act as if nothing has happened.
We can't just cut people's salaries without giving them some warning.
We can't just leave Tom here by himself.
We can't just sit around and do nothing.
We can't just sit by and do nothing.
We can't just sit here and do nothing.
We can't just sit here without doing anything.
We can't just stay here wallowing in self-pity.
We can't keep them in the dark forever.
We can't keep this up for much longer.
We can't leave Tom here. He won't survive on his own.
We can't live even one more day without water.
We can't live without water for even one day.
We can't put a young boy in prison.
We can't really keep all this stuff, can we?
We can't rule out the possibility of an accident.
We can't say any more at this time.
We can't stay here. The roof is about to collapse!
We carried on the discussion till late at night.
We caught tadpoles and put them in jars.
We climbed higher so that we might get a better view.
We climbed up the mountain, but with difficulty.
We closed the restaurant three hours early yesterday.
We communicate with each other by telephone every day.
We communicate with one another by means of language.
We competed with each other for the prize.
We congratulated him on winning a gold medal.
We considered going, but finally decided against it.
We could all see it coming, couldn't we?
We could be under attack at any time.
We could drive to Boston for the weekend.
We could go out together like we did last year.
We could have our tea in the garden, were it a little warmer.
We could hear wolves howling in the distance.
We could learn a lot from each other.
We could meet downtown. Would that be convenient for you?
We could not see anyone in the street.
We could really use another person around here.
We could see enemy ships on the horizon.
We could see several rescue helicopters flying above us.
We could see the flames coming toward us, so we ran in the other direction.
We could see the lights of the town in the distance.
We could see the reflection of the mountains in the lake.
We could see the ship in the distance.
We could see the sunset from the window.
We couldn't go out because of the heavy rain.
We couldn't go out because of the rain.
We couldn't go out because of the snowstorm.
We couldn't have done it without your help.
We couldn't have done this without your help.
We couldn't open the door because it was locked from the inside.
We couldn't play outdoors because of the intense heat.
We criticized the photographer for not rescuing the child first.
We cut away all the grass and weeds around the church.
We danced to the music for hours until we were all exhausted.
We debated on the question of world population.
We decided to lie hidden for a few days.
We demanded that she should make up for the loss.
We depend on foreign nations for our natural resources.
We derive a lot of pleasure from books.
We desperately need more money to help fund our project.
We did a lot of fun things together.
We did not evolve from monkeys. We share a common ancestor.
We did not expect him to finish the task in so short a time.
We did not help him, so he made it by himself.
We did not move for fear we should wake him up.
We did nothing wrong. It was only a kiss.
We did our best to help him, but he didn't so much as say thank you.
We did what we had to to survive.
We didn't have enough time to finish the job.
We didn't have to do that, but we did.
We didn't have to do that, but we wanted to.
We didn't know each other at the time.
We didn't know how to do it, so we asked for help.
We didn't know the whole story at that time.
We didn't know what needed to be done.
We didn't know which bus we should take.
We didn't know which car we should get in.
We didn't mean for it to happen that way.
We didn't need to ask him to resign.
We didn't need to do that, but we did.
We didn't think it would be possible to do that.
We didn't want to get in your way.
We didn't want to go, but we had to.
We differed as to the solution to the problem.
We discussed the matter from an educational point of view.
We discussed the problem far into the night.
We discussed the problem for a long time.
We dissected a frog to examine its internal organs.
We divided ten dollars among the five of us.
We do this kind of thing all the time.
We don't do that as often as we used to.
We don't do this as often as we used to.
We don't even know what we're fighting for.
We don't even know who Tom got married to.
We don't even know who's going to be there.
We don't get along well with our neighbors.
We don't get as many customers as we used to.
We don't get on well with each other.
We don't have a choice. We have to do this.
We don't have a parking lot, but you can park on the street.
We don't have a vacancy at the moment.
We don't have a whole lot of time.
We don't have as much in common as I thought we did.
We don't have enough information yet to make a decision.
We don't have enough money for a taxi.
We don't have enough time to burn all these documents before the police arrive.
We don't have enough time to do that.
We don't have the time to discuss this right now.
We don't have time to do that now.
We don't have time to do that right now.
We don't have time to do that today.
We don't have time to search every nook and cranny.
We don't have time to take a break.
We don't have to do this every day.
We don't have to talk about that now.
We don't have to talk about this now.
We don't know what they want to use it for.
We don't know when this world came into being.
We don't know why he had to leave.
We don't like doing that sort of thing.
We don't like our neighbors, and they don't like us, either.
We don't need a visa to go to France.
We don't need to do this every day.
We don't need to waste money on things we don't need.
We don't really have to talk about this right now, do we?
We don't see you around here much anymore.
We don't want anything like that to ever happen again.
We don't want the bus leaving without us.
We don't want them to decrease our paycheck.
We don't want to be the last ones there.
We don't want to give too much away.
We don't want to leave the house before three.
We don't want to scare the children away.
We don't want to take the time now.
We don't yet know if that's going to happen or not.
We drove through village after village, until we got to our destination.
We drown in information but thirst for knowledge.
We eat meat two or three times a week.
We eat more processed food than natural food.
We eat pork more often than we eat beef.
We eat to live, not live to eat.
We encountered a lot of difficulties on the expedition.
We ended up not getting there on time.
We ended up paying more than we expected.
We enjoyed ourselves at the seaside all day.
We enjoyed the cool breeze that came from the river.
We enjoyed watching the fireworks on a bridge last summer.
We estimate the damage at one thousand dollars.
We estimate the damages to be one thousand dollars.
We estimated the damage at one thousand dollars.
We exchanged phone numbers at the end of the gathering.
We export a lot of automobiles to that country.
We failed due to a lack of preparation.
We feed our dog three times a day.
We finally got rid of our old car.
We finally have you where we want you.
We finally managed to persuade Tom to help us.
We finally reached the top of the mountain.
We flew nonstop from Osaka to Los Angeles.
We followed him single file till we reached the cabin.
We followed the tracks left by the deer.
We found a beautiful, blue lagoon on the far side of the island.
We found a nail stuck in the tire.
We found a poor little cat in the yard.
We found a poor little kitten in the yard.
We found a secret door into the building.
We found a secret passage into the building.
We found it very hard going back to our base camp in the blizzard.
We found one large footprint and a couple of different size smaller footprints.
We found out that he was her father.
We found out that Tom was still married.
We found out that Tom was the thief.
We found that we had lost our way.
We found Tom drunk lying in the gutter.
We found Tom drunk sleeping on a park bench.
We gave a party in celebration of his 70th birthday.
We go caroling every year on Christmas Eve.
We go to Boston as often as we can.
We go to school every day except Sunday.
We go to the movies together once in a while.
We go to the theater on Mondays or Thursdays.
We got a little bored with each other.
We got a lot of criticism for doing that.
We got a taxi so we wouldn't be late.
We got here a couple of hours ago.
We got here at exactly the same time.
We got out of bed early on Christmas morning.
We got stuck in a traffic jam, which made us twenty minutes late.
We got the results that we'd hoped for.
We got this chair for nothing because the lady next door didn't need it anymore.
We got this chair for nothing because the lady next door didn't want it anymore.
We got up at four in the morning.
We got up early so that we could see the sunrise.
We got up really early to watch the sun come up.
We had a big snow storm last weekend.
We had a brief discussion about human rights.
We had a good reason for doing that.
We had a lot of rain last month.
We had a lot of rain last week.
We had a lot of rain last year.
We had a lot of snow last night.
We had a lot of snow last winter.
We had a lot of snow last year.
We had a spell of fine weather last autumn.
We had a very good time at the dinner.
We had a very good time last night.
We had a very hot summer this year.
We had a very nice Christmas with Tom and his family.
We had hardly reached there when it began to rain.
We had hardly started when it began to rain.
We had known him for five years when he died.
We had less snow this winter than we had expected.
We had lived there for ten years when the war broke out.
We had lots of fun at the picnic.
We had many bitter experiences during the war.
We had native guides on our trip to the mountain.
We had next to nothing in the kitchen.
We had no choice but to call the police last night.
We had no choice but to put up with it.
We had no choice but to return home.
We had no choice except to put up with it.
We had no customers, so we shut the shop early.
We had to agree to total confidentiality and sign a non-disclosure agreement.
We had to alter our plans because we didn't have enough money.
We had to call off the game because of rain.
We had to cut down a lot of trees.
We had to gear our lives to the new circumstances.
We had to learn the poem by heart.
We had to learn to be a team.
We had to make the best of a bad deal.
We had to make the best of our small house.
We had to postpone the gathering because of rain.
We had to push our way through the crowd.
We had to put a stop to that.
We had to shut the window because of the mosquitoes.
We had to wait a very long time.
We had to wait for him for ten minutes.
We had to wait until she found a chair and sat down.
We had to walk all the way to the station.
We had to walk home in the rain.
We hadn't gone very far when it started to rain.
We happened to be on the same train.
We happened to meet our teacher on the street yesterday.
We hardly ever see you around here anymore.
We hardly ever talk to each other anymore.
We have a 20% share of the market.
We have a big oak tree in our backyard.
We have a busy day ahead of us.
We have a busy week ahead of us.
We have a cat. We all love cats.
We have a complete set of the recordings of Beethoven's symphonies.
We have a daughter who is married to a Canadian.
We have a dog, a cat and three canaries.
We have a few surprises in store for her.
We have a gig at the club tomorrow night.
We have a good opinion of your invention.
We have a good team and everyone knows it.
We have a hectic week ahead of us.
We have a leaky faucet in the kitchen.
We have a little time before the next train.
We have a long journey ahead of us.
We have a long trip ahead of us.
We have a long way left to go.
We have a lot more food than we need.
We have a lot more things to do.
We have a lot more work to do.
We have a lot of earthquakes in Japan.
We have a lot of English books in the library.
We have a lot of free time this week.
We have a lot of good restaurants here in Boston.
We have a lot of great guys on our team.
We have a lot of ground to cover.
We have a lot of hard work ahead of us.
We have a lot of rain in June and July.
We have a lot of rain in June.
We have a lot of room for improvement.
We have a lot of snow at this time of the year.
We have a lot of things in common.
We have a lot of things we need to buy.
We have a lot of work ahead of us.
We have a lot of work left to do.
We have a lot of work to do before we can go home.
We have a lot of work to do.
We have a lot to be grateful for.
We have a lot to learn from each other.
We have a lot to learn from other cultures.
We have a majority interest in the company.
We have a new coach and some new players.
We have a new puppy. He is about 12 weeks old.
We have a new student joining our class today.
We have a parking lot for the customers.
We have a problem we need to discuss.
We have a serious problem on our hands.
We have a simple solution for all this.
We have a small table in the kitchen.
We have a son who's just turned three.
We have a stressful day ahead of us.
We have a substantial stake in the venture.
We have a very good team, so we have every reason to be optimistic.
We have a very important decision to make.
We have a warrant to search your apartment.
We have a warrant to search your house.
We have a warrant to search your property.
We have a washing machine in the basement.
We have about thirty bottles of wine in the cellar.
We have all the time in the world.
We have ample time to catch our train.
We have an elevator and a private bath.
We have an elevator and a private bathroom.
We have an elevator in our new house.
We have an important job to do here.
We have an obesity problem in this country.
We have another ten miles to walk before sunset.
We have ants in the kitchen. We need to call an exterminator.
We have been enjoying peace for more than 40 years.
We have detected an abnormality on your x-ray.
We have enough money to buy one more bottle of wine.
We have enough supplies to last three months.
We have enough time to catch the train.
We have families we have to take care of.
We have far better things to do with our time.
We have five classes every day except Saturday.
We have five days to go before the summer vacation.
We have had a lot of rain this summer.
We have had a lot of snow this winter.
We have isolated one patient from the rest.
We have issues we have to deal with.
We have just a tiny bit of garden.
We have just returned from a trip around the world.
We have left undone what we ought to have done.
We have little money available for the research.
We have lots of important things to do.
We have lots of other things to drink.
We have more customers than we can count.
We have more important things we need to discuss.
We have more in common than I thought.
We have no chance of winning the championship.
We have no choice but to carry on.
We have no choice but to do so.
We have no choice but to give up the whole plan.
We have no choice. I guess we'll have to walk.
We have no further details at this time.
We have no hot water because the pipes broke.
We have no one but ourselves to blame for that.
We have no one but ourselves to blame.
We have no plan at this time to do that.
We have no reason to change our plans.
We have not been notified about their change of address.
We have not received a letter from him so far.
We have nothing further to say to each other.
We have nothing to fear but fear itself.
We have nothing to lose and everything to gain.
We have other things that need to be done.
We have people who do that for us.
We have plenty of time to do that.
We have plenty of work to do this morning.
We have problems that need to be dealt with.
We have put the Christmas presents under the tree.
We have some difficult problems that we need to deal with.
We have some guys on our team who can't speak French.
We have something very important that we have to discuss.
We have something very important that we need to discuss.
We have the extra-large size, but not in that color.
We have the opportunity to make some changes.
We have the rest of the day to ourselves.
We have three adopted children. The younger two are biological brothers.
We have three spare rooms, none of which can be used.
We have time to sing one more song.
We have to attend that meeting whether we like it or not.
We have to avoid war at any cost.
We have to be at work by nine.
We have to be prepared to cope with violent storms.
We have to be willing to take the first step.
We have to bring our teaching methods up to date.
We have to clear the snow off the roof.
We have to come together as a team.
We have to come up with a new plan.
We have to consider the possibility that Tom was involved in the robbery.
We have to consider the possibility Tom was involved in the robbery.
We have to consider the problem in the light of cultural differences.
We have to crack down on illegal trading.
We have to defend our country at any cost.
We have to do something to help Tom.
We have to do something to stop this from happening again.
We have to do that as soon as we can.
We have to do the work in one day.
We have to do this the right way.
We have to figure out a way to get out of here alive.
We have to figure out a way to get this job finished by Monday.
We have to figure out a way to make some money.
We have to figure out when the best time to buy that stock is.
We have to figure out whether we have enough money to do that.
We have to find a way to get that done.
We have to find another way to do that.
We have to find out what's going on here.
We have to find out who did this.
We have to find out why they want us to do this.
We have to find the right person for each position.
We have to get off at the next stop.
We have to get out of here right away.
We have to get these people out of here.
We have to get Tom out of there.
We have to get up early tomorrow morning.
We have to get you to a hospital.
We have to get you to the hospital.
We have to go back to the train station.
We have to hurry if we want to arrive at the station on time.
We have to learn all the songs before the end of the week.
We have to learn how to do that.
We have to learn the whole poem by heart.
We have to learn to trust each other.
We have to look into the disappearance of the doctor.
We have to make do with what we've got.
We have to make some changes in our plans.
We have to make sure that no one does that.
We have to make sure that we never do this again.
We have to make sure we do that.
We have to make sure we get there on time.
We have to make sure we have enough volunteers.
We have to make the most of this situation.
We have to memorize this poem by the next class.
We have to nip this problem in the bud before it gets any worse.
We have to put off the game till next Sunday.
We have to put right what we have done wrong.
We have to reduce the cost to a minimum.
We have to return to the ship now.
We have to sing at an old folks home today.
We have to stop him from drinking any more.
We have to take care of our children.
We have to take it one step at a time.
We have to take this problem into consideration.
We have to transmit our culture to the next generation.
We have to wait until we have more information.
We have to weigh the pros and cons.
We have to work hard to fix this problem.
We have two dogs, three cats, and six chickens.
We have two dogs. One is black and the other is white.
We have two unused rooms in our house.
We have until October to complete our plan.
We have until October to get this done.
We have waited more than a week for your response.
We have way too much work to do.
We have yet to discover an effective remedy for cancer.
We have your size, but not in that color.
We haven't been able to get much help.
We haven't been swimming in a long time.
We haven't been to Boston in a long time.
We haven't had a price increase in the last five years.
We haven't had time to do that yet.
We haven't had to deal with this before.
We haven't heard from Tom in a while.
We haven't learned how to do that yet.
We haven't offered the job to anyone yet.
We haven't seen each other for such a long time.
We haven't seen each other in a long time.
We haven't seen each other since we were kids.
We haven't seen them for more than half an hour.
We haven't seen you for a long time.
We haven't talked to each other since the accident.
We haven't tried the drug out on humans yet.
We haven't yet decided what to do tomorrow.
We haven't yet discussed which method is better.
We haven't yet finished what we have to do.
We haven't yet had time to do that.
We heard something moving in the next room.
We hid behind a bush so that no one would see us.
We hired a company to get rid of the insects under our house.
We hired a gardener to trim our hedge.
We hit it off right off the bat.
We hit the hay early in order to get up at dawn.
We hope that you understand the difficult situation with which we are confronted.
We hope that you will be able to join us at this seminar.
We hope this will be to your satisfaction.
We hope to come up with a solution soon.
We hope to finish planting the field before the sun sets.
We hope to reach the summit before it gets dark.
We hope to reach the summit before nightfall.
We hope to see you again in the future.
We hope to see you on Christmas Eve.
We hope we'll be able to do that next year.
We hoped we'd be able to win the game.
We hung a Christmas wreath on the front door.
We hurried in the direction of the fire.
We hurried to make up for lost time.
We hurried to make up for the lost time.
We hurried to the airport only to miss the plane.
We hurried to the airport, but we missed the plane.
We hurried, so we didn't miss the last bus.
We import a lot of things from Australia.
We import raw materials and export the finished products.
We insist that a meeting be held as soon as possible.
We intended to stay there about two weeks.
We invite you to listen to us again.
We invited him to the party, but he did not show up.
We just found it a half hour ago.
We just got married, and this is our honeymoon.
We just have to get out of here.
We just have to wait for the dust to settle.
We just missed the last bus, so we'll have to walk home.
We just want you to tell the truth.
We just want you to think about it.
We keep having the same old problem of people not paying their bills on time.
We keep our most interesting thoughts and the most interesting side of ourselves hidden away.
We kept on working for hours without eating anything.
We knew the dogs would bark at us.
We know each other so well that we can almost read each other's minds.
We know each other, but not all that well.
We know it was you that broke the window.
We know Tom well and can vouch for him.
We know very little about the cause of this disease.
We learn from experience that men never learn anything from experience.
We learn something new about ourselves every day.
We learned about the importance of eating a healthy lunch.
We learned at school that the square root of nine is three.
We left without telling anybody we were leaving.
We lined up to get tickets for the concert.
We listened carefully in order not to miss a single word.
We listened to his lecture on the radio.
We live about three miles above this bridge.
We live in the country during the summer.
We live in the vicinity of the school.
We loaded a lot of luggage into the car.
We look forward to working more closely with you in the future.
We look up to him as our leader.
We look up to him as our teacher.
We look up to Tom as our leader.
We looked at the sky, but couldn't see any stars.
We looked out of the window, but saw nothing.
We looked out the window, but we didn't see anything.
We lost a lot of good players at the end of last season.
We lost no time in sending him to the hospital.
We lost our electricity because of the storm.
We lost sight of the man in the crowd.
We lost sight of them over half an hour ago.
We made it to the airport on time.
We made it to the top of the mountain just in time to see the sunrise.
We make progress only one step at a time.
We managed to get it back without her knowing.
We may as well keep it a secret.
We may as well stay here till the weather improves.
We met in a coffee shop near the campus.
We met in Europe a few years ago.
We met last Christmas at the office party.
We might as well get this over with.
We might be told to wait outside if it gets too hot.
We might not have enough time to eat lunch.
We miss you and are really looking forward to you being here.
We missed our plane because of the traffic jam.
We missed you very much at the party yesterday.
We moved into a new house last week.
We moved into this house last month, but we still haven't settled down.
We must achieve our aim at any price.
We must always stand up for our rights.
We must ask the bank for the loan.
We must avoid war by all possible means.
We must buy a new carpet for this room.
We must consider every aspect of the problem.
We must consider the financial aspects of this project.
We must continue to study as long as we live.
We must cover the furniture before painting the walls.
We must create a safe environment for our children.
We must cut our expenses to save money.
We must do away with these old rules.
We must fight to preserve our civil rights.
We must find something to plug up this hole.
We must finish this work at any cost.
We must get to the bottom of this mystery.
We must get to the root of the problem.
We must get together for a drink sometime.
We must hurry if we want to arrive at the station on time.
We must hurry or else the shop will be closed.
We must learn to live in harmony with nature.
We must look after her children this evening.
We must look at the problem from a global point of view.
We must look into the matter at once.
We must make sure that this information is correct.
We must make up for the loss in some way.
We must pay a toll to drive on this road.
We must prevent a war by all possible means.
We must prevent this type of incident from recurring.
We must see the matter in its proper perspective.
We must sleep at least seven hours a day.
We must take care of our planet, the earth.
We must take into account the fact that he is young.
We must take into account the fact that she is old.
We must talk her out of this foolish plan.
We must think about peaceful uses of atomic energy.
We must think about these plans in terms of what they would cost.
We must try to determine the best course of action.
We must try to make the best of it.
We must try to preserve the remains of ancient civilizations.
We must vacate the house before next month.
We must work hard to break down social barriers.
We must work hard to make up for lost time.
We must, first of all, be careful of our health.
We need a bit more time to prepare.
We need a large amount of money for this project.
We need a nut that will fit that bolt.
We need a password to use this computer.
We need a place to stay for the night.
We need a tool to open it with.
We need at least eight hours of sleep each day.
We need carrots and tomatoes for the soup.
We need more people like you on our team.
We need someone to keep an eye on our baby while we are away.
We need to add some statistics to the PowerPoint.
We need to ask you a few questions.
We need to band together to beat the enemy.
We need to be a little more efficient.
We need to be more realistic than that.
We need to be prepared for the worst.
We need to burn all this stuff before the police get here.
We need to buy a new rug for this room.
We need to buy a new washing machine.
We need to check this report for accuracy.
We need to concentrate on coming up with a new plan.
We need to cut down this apple tree.
We need to decide what's important and what isn't.
We need to do that as soon as we can.
We need to figure out a way to solve this problem.
We need to figure out what works and what doesn't work.
We need to find a place to hide.
We need to find a way out of this mess.
We need to find out who drove that car.
We need to find out who he is and who he's working for.
We need to find somebody who can help us.
We need to find someone who's more qualified.
We need to find what's inside these boxes.
We need to finish doing this by the end of October.
We need to fix this problem right away.
We need to focus on just one thing.
We need to get by with what we've got.
We need to get it done before tomorrow.
We need to get off at the next stop.
We need to get rid of all this stuff.
We need to get this truck unloaded before it starts raining.
We need to get you out of here.
We need to get you to a hospital.
We need to hire someone with a little more experience.
We need to invest in clean, renewable energy.
We need to let the paint dry before we can apply another coat.
We need to make sure that this is true.
We need to make those decisions very deliberately.
We need to make up for lost time.
We need to make up for the lost time.
We need to minimize the risk of infection.
We need to nip this in the bud.
We need to put a stop to this now.
We need to put a stop to this.
We need to reduce our reliance on foreign oil.
We need to remember to mail this letter tomorrow.
We need to remember to put some gasoline in the car.
We need to start working on the problem.
We need to stop them before they do any damage.
We need to take care of the earth.
We need to take care of this immediately.
We need to take steps to rectify the situation.
We need to talk to you about Tom.
We need to think about what'll happen if we don't do that.
We need to work together to find a solution to our mutual problem.
We never went anywhere when I was a kid.
We never went on family vacations because we were too poor.
We now know that that was a lie.
We now know that the testimony he gave was coerced.
We observed this plant closely for a few weeks.
We often come across Japanese tourists in this area.
We often do what we have to do, not what we want to do.
We often have barbecue parties in our backyard.
We often hear about an energy crisis these days.
We often hear it said that the Japanese are good workers.
We often took a walk along the seashore together in the morning.
We often use gestures to convey simple messages.
We often watch TV while we're eating breakfast.
We only have enough food and water for three days.
We ought to be ready for whatever comes.
We ought to have phoned ahead and reserved a table.
We owe more on our house than it's worth.
We owe part of our success to luck.
We paid someone to cut the tree down.
We pay the kid next door to mow our lawn.
We picked apples so we could make an apple pie.
We pitched our tent and built a campfire.
We pitched the tent next to the river.
We plan to go as far as we can.
We plan to have an old-fashioned Christmas dinner.
We plan to spend Christmas with my wife's family this year.
We played a lot of games at the party.
We played an entertaining game of charades after dinner.
We pointed out to him the error in his reasoning.
We predict that Christmas sales will be better than expected.
We probably don't have enough money to buy that.
We probably don't have enough time to finish doing that today.
We probably don't have enough time to finish doing this today.
We probably don't want to do that again.
We probably won't have much snow this winter.
We probably won't have to go to Boston anymore.
We promised not to discuss it with anyone until the next day.
We promised to stand by him in case of trouble.
We provided the flood victims with food and clothing.
We put up at a small hotel on the edge of the town.
We put up the flags on national holidays.
We queued up to get tickets for the concert.
We ran fast so they wouldn't catch us.
We ran into each other at the airport.
We ran into each other at the station.
We ran off 50 copies of the invitation.
We ran out of gas in the middle of the desert.
We ran out of gas in the middle of the intersection.
We really have to be on our way.
We really hope another war will not break out.
We really should buy a new car, shouldn't we?
We received an immediate answer to our letter.
We received instructions on how to make a bamboo basket.
We regard him as the best player on the team.
We rented a truck to move our furniture.
We sang Christmas songs in the car all the way to Tom's house.
We sang in a choir when we were kids.
We sat around the fire and sang songs.
We sat around the fire in a circle.
We sat down on a bench to talk.
We sat in lawn chairs and stared at the mountain.
We sat in the back of the bus.
We sat in the center of the room.
We sat in the very back of the auditorium.
We sat on a bench in the park.
We saved a lot of time by going down Park Street.
We saw a jet plane fly across the sky.
We saw a lot of ships in the harbor.
We saw a lot of yellow butterflies today.
We saw a strange object in the sky.
We saw an interesting program on television yesterday.
We saw an old hut at the edge of the forest.
We saw an old hut at the edge of the woods.
We saw guards coming toward us, so we hid in the bushes.
We saw something move in the shadows just up ahead.
We saw the lady carried away to the hospital.
We saw the parade move down the street.
We saw the sun sink below the horizon.
We saw Tom talking to Mary in the park this morning.
We saw what looked like an oasis in the desert.
We searched the house from top to bottom.
We searched the woods for the missing child.
We see each other at the supermarket now and then.
We seem to keep grappling with the same old problem.
We seized the town after a short battle.
We sent some flowers to the hospital to cheer her up.
We sent you an email with an activation link.
We set a trap to catch a fox.
We set out on our journey full of hope.
We set up the tent next to the river.
We shall continue our efforts to eradicate racial discrimination.
We should appeal to reason instead of resorting to violence.
We should ask Tom what he thinks we should do.
We should be able to do a lot better than this next time.
We should be able to finish this in a day or two.
We should consider the problem from a child's perspective.
We should consider the problem from a child's point of view.
We should deal with this matter without delay.
We should determine what is to be done first.
We should get away from here as quickly as we can.
We should have the results in a couple of hours.
We should just enjoy this and not worry about how much it costs.
We should keep every school open and every teacher in his job.
We should keep this information under wraps for the time being.
We should lay down a few ground rules before we begin.
We should learn from those who have gone before us.
We should make every effort to maintain world peace.
We should never judge people by their appearance.
We should not despise a man because he is poor.
We should not have done that. It was wrong.
We should not put restrictions on foreign trade.
We should pay more attention to environmental problems.
We should probably let Tom know what's happened.
We should save money for a rainy day.
We should start getting Christmas gifts for the children.
We should stop at the next rest stop.
We should take a break and have some tea.
We should weigh the options carefully before making a decision.
We should write a formal letter to the director.
We shouldn't accept his explanation at face value.
We shouldn't confuse solitude with isolation. They are two separate things.
We shouldn't do anything about that right now.
We shouldn't have left Tom alone in the garage.
We shouldn't impose our opinions on other people.
We shouldn't judge people based on their appearance.
We shouldn't judge people by how they look.
We should've done this a long time ago.
We should've phoned ahead and reserved a table.
We sometimes judge others based on their actions.
We sought to come to terms with them.
We spend a third of our lives sleeping.
We spend piles of money on the things we don't really use.
We spent a lot of time looking for a parking lot.
We spent a lot of time on our lessons.
We spent a lot of time with them.
We spent a peaceful day in the countryside.
We spent a quiet day in the country.
We spent all of that night, the next day, and the next night in the cellar.
We spent hours trying to figure out how to fix it.
We spent hours trying to solve the problem.
We spent the day in the open air.
We spent the entire day on the beach.
We spent the night in a cheap hotel.
We spent the whole evening talking to them.
We spent three hours in the open air.
We spent too much for Christmas presents this year.
We spent too much for the Christmas presents.
We stared at each other for quite a while.
We started a band because we were bored.
We started with 20 students. Now we have more than 200.
We started without Tom, since he wasn't ready.
We stayed at a hotel by the lake.
We stayed at home because it was raining.
We stayed at home because it was very cold.
We stayed at the most expensive hotel in town.
We stayed in a quaint bed and breakfast by the sea.
We stayed with them all through the summer.
We still don't know what's going to happen next.
We still have a long way to go.
We still have a lot of food left.
We still have a lot of things to do.
We still have enough time to discuss it.
We still have many other things to discuss.
We still have to look for the hook.
We still haven't found Tom. I wonder where he could be.
We still haven't taken down our Christmas lights.
We stood on the brink of a cliff.
We stopped for lunch at a local restaurant.
We study the past for the sake of the future.
We suffer from an incurable disease called hope.
We take it for granted that he will succeed in his business.
We talk on the phone on a regular basis.
We talked about everything we could think about.
We talked and talked until the day broke.
We talked in low voices so we wouldn't wake the baby.
We talked to each other for a while.
We talked without the aid of an interpreter.
We think a disgruntled employee was the one who planted the bomb.
We think too much and feel too little.
We think we've found a way to help you.
We thought it wise not to continue our trip.
We thought that we wouldn't be able to stop Tom.
We tied him up so that he wouldn't be able to escape.
We took a short rest on the way.
We took a taxi so that we wouldn't be late.
We took a taxi so we wouldn't be late.
We took action immediately so that things wouldn't get worse.
We took advantage of the fine weather to play tennis.
We took an examination in math last week.
We took refuge from the storm in a nearby barn.
We took refuge in a cave and waited for the storm to pass.
We took shelter from the rain under a tree.
We took up that problem at the last meeting.
We treated him in the politest manner possible.
We tried to cheer him up by taking him out.
We try to explain things across cultures; in spite of boundaries.
We try to go to Boston at least once a year.
We use a lot of water every day.
We used a barrel for a makeshift table.
We used emergency measures to revive the cardiac arrest patient.
We used the computer in order to save time.
We used to be on the same team.
We used to do a lot of things together.
We used to go to the movies on Saturday evening.
We used to hang out all the time.
We used to have airplanes, but we had to sell them.
We used to play musical chairs in elementary school.
We used to sit on these steps and talk.
We usually eat with a knife, fork and spoon.
We usually speak to each other in French.
We visited the historic sites of the country.
We waited in the movie theater for the film to start.
We waited in the park for a long time.
We waited up for him until two o'clock and then finally went to bed.
We want everybody to have a good Christmas.
We want everyone to have a good Christmas.
We want to buy a house in Boston.
We want to do that, but we can't.
We want to get out of here as soon as we can.
We want to get to know you better.
We want to have a word with Tom.
We want to know why you weren't here yesterday.
We want to protect this world we have.
We want to rent an apartment in the city.
We want to talk to you about a problem.
We want to talk to you about that.
We want Tom to know he can come home.
We want you to be more careful next time.
We want you to be the team captain.
We want you to come to our party.
We warmed ourselves in front of the fireplace.
We wasted a lot of time looking for Tom.
We watched the sun setting behind the mountains.
We went down the river in a small boat.
We went down the stairs to the basement.
We went for a swim in the river.
We went for a walk along the riverbank.
We went for a walk in the forest.
We went for a walk in the park.
We went for a walk on the beach.
We went out for a pizza last night.
We went out for a walk after breakfast.
We went over the house before deciding whether to buy it.
We went to Boston, where we stayed a week.
We went to the airport to pick Tom up.
We went to the beach last weekend to swim.
We went to the lake to row a boat.
We went to the park to play baseball.
We went to the park to take pictures.
We went up and down in the elevator.
We went up the mountain by cable car.
We were able to catch the last train.
We were able to find some common ground.
We were all ears when he started to tell us his secret.
We were all shaking from the bitter cold.
We were all wondering why you were late.
We were almost run over by a truck.
We were amazed at the excellence of the boy's drawings.
We were astonished to hear what had happened.
We were at a loss what to do.
We were caught in a shower while we were on a picnic.
We were disappointed with the results of the experiment.
We were excited as we watched the game.
We were flooded with applications for the job.
We were glad when we saw a light in the distance.
We were granted the privilege of fishing in this bay.
We were having so much fun that we lost track of time.
We were held up for two hours on account of an accident.
We were in danger of losing our lives.
We were in the living room when we heard the gunshot.
We were in the same class, weren't we?
We were just about to call the police.
We were just about to enter the room.
We were just about to take a break.
We were just starting to do that when it started raining.
We were late for school because it rained heavily.
We were living in Osaka for ten years before we came to Tokyo.
We were mesmerized by the pulsating glow of the embers.
We were not to blame for the accident.
We were obliged to give up our plan.
We were on the point of leaving when Tom arrived.
We were on the same train by chance.
We were on the train for ten hours.
We were present at the dedication ceremony of the building.
We were reading a book and it was a very good one.
We were shocked at the news of his death.
We were shown all of their family photos.
We were so excited that we couldn't sit still.
We were so tired that we turned in about 9:00 last night.
We were stuck for hours in a traffic jam.
We were supposed to help Tom yesterday afternoon.
We were talking about something at that time, but I don't remember what.
We were talking to each other all the time.
We were taught that Newton discovered the law of gravity.
We were taught that World War II broke out in 1939.
We were thinking of asking you to join our company.
We were tired out after our long walk.
We were told by him to leave the room at once.
We were unable to make contact with them until it was too late.
We were very sorry we couldn't help them.
We were very tired from the five-hour trip.
We were wakened by the whistle of the steam locomotive at dawn.
We were watching TV when the bell rang.
We were worried because we weren't getting any news.
We were worried we might miss the train.
We weren't able to buy tickets, so we didn't go to the concert.
We weren't as busy as I thought we'd be.
We weren't even in Australia at that time.
We weren't even in Boston at that time.
We will become happy in the long run.
We will employ a man who can speak English.
We will get to Tokyo Station at noon.
We will have an English test this afternoon.
We will have some visitors one of these days.
We will have to consider each application on a case-by-case basis.
We will have to put off the soccer game because of the bad weather.
We will keep the peace at all costs.
We will make every effort to do so.
We will make the payment by bank transfer.
We will notify you when your order arrives.
We will ship the product immediately after receiving your order.
We will take care of this for you.
We wish him all success in his future endeavor.
We wish him all the best of luck in his future endeavors.
We wish him the best in his future endeavors.
We wish him well in his future endeavors.
We wish we could do more to help.
We woke up very early in order to see the sunrise.
We won't be able to arrive home in time.
We won't be able to avoid being punished this time.
We won't be able to escape punishment this time.
We won't be able to evade punishment this time.
We won't be able to get there on time.
We won't be able to pull this off without some help.
We won't do what Tom said he wants us to do.
We won't have enough time to do that before Tom gets here.
We won't have time to do anything else today.
We won't have time to do that today.
We won't have time to help you today.
We would have bought the plane tickets if the price had been a little lower.
We would like to distribute this product in Japan.
We would like to distribute your product in Japan.
We would like to reserve a table for 6 o'clock.
We would move to a bigger house if we had more money.
We would rather go to the zoo than to the park.
We wouldn't be in this mess if you'd just done what I told you.
We wouldn't want to disobey the teacher, would we?
Wealthy older men often marry younger trophy wives.
Wear something warm. It's going to be cold this afternoon.
Wear warm clothes or you could get sick.
Weather permitting, we will go on a picnic tomorrow.
We'd be happy if you could come with us.
We'd be very interested in what you think.
We'd better get a move on or we'll be late.
We'd better go inside before it begins to rain.
We'd better hurry. I don't want to be late for the concert.
We'd like to ask you a few questions.
We'd like to give this to you as a token of our appreciation.
We'd like to see the results of the experiment.
We'd really like to help you, but our hands are tied.
Welcome and thank you for accepting our invitation.
We'll all be home in time for dinner.
We'll all be hungry, so be sure to bring enough food for everyone.
We'll allow a 5 percent discount off list prices.
We'll always have to be careful not to let this happen again.
We'll announce the results as soon as we verify them.
We'll be able to raise cows and sheep, too.
We'll be broke soon if we don't stop spending money on things we don't need.
We'll be ready to start in a few minutes.
We'll be taking down our Christmas tree soon.
We'll be there in less than three hours.
We'll be waiting for you in the car.
We'll be waiting for you in the lobby.
We'll cross that bridge when we come to it.
We'll dine together and then go to the theater.
We'll do away with all these silly rules as soon as we can.
We'll do everything we can to help you.
We'll do whatever it takes to complete the project on time.
We'll do whatever it takes to get that done.
Well done! You have drawn this picture nicely.
We'll fight to the end to protect our homeland.
We'll find some other way to do that.
We'll get a keg of beer for the party.
We'll get in touch with you as soon as possible.
We'll get on the airplane in an hour.
We'll get started as soon as we can.
We'll get them to talk no matter what it takes.
We'll go out tomorrow if the weather permits.
We'll go to any length to send our child to a good university.
We'll go to Hong Kong first, and then we'll go to Singapore.
We'll have a better chance of surviving if we stay calm.
We'll have a meeting and later we can take a walk.
We'll have known each other for three years next Christmas.
We'll have lived here for two years next April.
We'll have our picnic inside if the weather doesn't improve.
We'll have plenty of time to talk later.
We'll have to build a pen for the pigs.
We'll have to find some other way to do this.
We'll have to give some thought to it.
We'll have to shovel the snow off the roof.
We'll have to wait a couple of hours.
We'll just have to wait and see how things pan out.
We'll let you know the result within a week.
We'll make a sailor out of you yet.
We'll need a head hunting agency to find the right man for this executive position.
We'll need to amend the contract so that we can pay you more.
We'll need to come up with another plan.
We'll never be able to play any better.
We'll never forget what you've done for us.
We'll probably be away for a few days.
We'll read this book until the end of the year.
We'll see each other in half an hour.
We'll see each other tomorrow in the library.
We'll see what the judge has to say about that.
We'll see what Tom has to say about that.
We'll someday make the world a better place.
We'll soon learn all we need to know.
We'll talk about it when I get back.
We'll talk about it when I get home.
We'll try not to let it happen again.
We'll try to answer all those questions later.
We'll try to be more careful the next time.
We'll try to get there as soon as possible.
We'll use the house as collateral so we can borrow some money.
Well, if you didn't do it, then who did?
Well, that was a stupid thing to say.
Well, the night is quite long, isn't it?
Well, what do you want me to say?
We're a bit busy at the moment. Can you hang on a minute?
Were a serious crisis to arise, the government would have to act swiftly.
We're about three blocks from the train station.
We're all going to die sooner or later.
We're all thinking the same thing, I'm sure.
We're both planning to be at your party.
Were both Tom and Mary in Australia last week?
We're bound to make mistakes from time to time.
We're busy now, but not as busy as we're about to be.
We're confident that you are up to the challenge of the new position.
We're confident we'll be able to handle this.
We're counting on you to wake us up in time, so don't fall asleep.
We're dealing with major problems in this city.
We're doing everything we can to find your daughter.
We're doing everything we can to find your son.
We're expecting a lot of people to attend the ceremony.
We're facing a much bigger problem than that.
We're finding it difficult deciding on which one to buy.
We're fortunate that we can do that here.
We're getting fewer and fewer students every year.
We're getting out of here. The cops are coming.
We're getting out of here. The storm is coming.
We're going out for a meal on Friday.
We're going out to get something to eat.
We're going to a new bar tonight. Do you want to come along?
We're going to another party after this one.
We're going to be late if we don't hurry.
We're going to cycle to the lake tomorrow.
We're going to do things our own way.
We're going to eat a lot tonight so I hope you're not on a diet.
We're going to eat at a Chinese restaurant tonight.
We're going to find out who did that.
We're going to get in trouble for that.
We're going to get you out of there.
We're going to go into the other room.
We're going to have a lot of fun.
We're going to have a meeting here tomorrow.
We're going to have an examination in English tomorrow.
We're going to have to change our plans.
We're going to have to make some very tough choices.
We're going to have to sell our house.
We're going to invite Tom and Mary to our Halloween party.
We're going to keep doing this until someone tells us that we can't.
We're going to listen to their new record together.
We're going to my folks' for Christmas this year.
We're going to my parents' for Christmas this year.
We're going to my parents' on Christmas Eve, and my wife's parents' on Christmas Day.
We're going to need a little more money.
We're going to need a little more time.
We're going to need your help after all.
We're going to see a foreign film tonight.
We're going to take good care of Tom.
We're going to try to get you full custody.
We're good friends now, but there was a time when we didn't like each other.
We're grateful to you for what you did.
We're happy to have you join our team.
We're here to make sure that doesn't happen again.
We're hoping for an update in the next couple of days.
Were I rich, I would help the poor.
Were I to die, who would look after my children?
We're in a bit of a hurry now.
We're in a hurry, so let's take a taxi.
We're in the process of remodelling our kitchen.
We're in the process of writing the report now.
We're in the second week of an unrelenting heat wave.
We're interested in observing the customs of different regions.
We're investigating the deaths of Tom and Mary.
We're just in time for the last train.
We're just trying to have a good time.
We're keeping all options open at this point.
We're less than halfway to the top of the mountain. Are you already tired?
We're looking for a house with a garage.
We're looking for a more credible source of information.
We're looking for a nice house to live in.
We're looking for an apartment with two bedrooms.
We're looking for some computer-savvy people to work for us.
We're looking for somebody who can speak French.
We're looking for somebody who can use a computer.
We're looking for someone who can speak French.
We're looking forward to seeing you and your family.
We're looking into the cause of the accident.
We're lucky to have Tom on our team.
We're lucky Tom is here to help us do this.
We're moving out of this apartment next month.
We're never going to make it on time.
We're no longer living in the stone age.
We're not all as tired as you are.
We're not at all satisfied with the results.
We're not at home now. Please leave a message after the beep.
We're not exactly friends, but we're not exactly enemies either.
We're not going to answer any more questions.
We're not going to be able to call you.
We're not going to give Tom the money he asked for.
We're not going to have an office Christmas party this year.
We're not going to leave Mary alone with Tom, are we?
We're not going to make a decision overnight.
We're not going to make it in time.
We're not here to talk about music, Tom.
We're not lost. I know where we are.
We're not mad at you at all, but we want you to leave us alone.
We're not ready to have a kid now.
We're not ready to throw in the towel.
We're not supposed to drink in this theater.
We're not the only ones who've made mistakes.
We're one of the best teams in the world.
We're planning to have a Christmas party on Christmas Eve.
We're planning to stay for a few days.
We're pleased to announce that that problem has been solved.
We're positive that they forgot to call us.
We're ready to put the boat in the water.
We're really close and we tell each other everything.
We're safer here than we would be in a city.
We're searching for a solution to the problem.
We're sorry you have to leave so soon.
We're sorry. This content is currently unavailable in your region.
We're spending Christmas Eve at my wife's parents' house.
We're spending the night at my uncle's house.
We're starting to question what we thought we knew.
We're supposed to take off our shoes at the entrance.
We're the ones who have to pay for your carelessness.
We're the ones who need to switch lanes.
We're the only ones here who know French.
We're thinking of adding on another bedroom to the house.
We're trying to have a serious discussion here.
We're very proud of what we've been able to accomplish.
We're well on our way to making that happen.
We're working hard to make up for lost time.
Were you able to buy everything you needed?
Were you able to do everything you wanted to get done?
Were you able to get the dishwasher to work?
Were you able to salvage anything from the ship?
Were you fat when you were in high school?
Were you going to the train station when I saw you?
Were you really able to get Tom to do your homework for you?
Were you the one who closed the door?
Were you the one who rung the bell?
Were you the one who shut the door?
Were you treated for an infection after your surgery?
Were you watching TV last night at nine o'clock?
Were your eyelids stuck together when you woke up this morning?
We've achieved a lot in the past three years.
We've all done things we wish we hadn't done.
We've all done things we're not proud of.
We've become the laughing stock of the whole village.
We've been asked to not do this anymore.
We've been doing that for the last three years.
We've been eating a lot of beans lately.
We've been out of touch with each other for a long time.
We've been struggling with this problem for years.
We've been talking about this for hours. Can we just drop it?
We've been through tougher times than this before.
We've been together for a very long time.
We've been trying to reach Tom for three days.
We've been waiting for hours for you to show up.
We've been waiting for you for half an hour.
We've been working on this problem all weekend.
We've been working together for a long time.
We've come here to help you do that.
We've considered your proposal, and we've decided that we aren't able to reduce the price.
We've decided to move the meeting to next Sunday.
We've decided to postpone the meeting till next Monday.
We've done something similar to that in the past.
We've done that twice in the last three months.
We've finished the work, so we may as well go home.
We've given it a great deal of thought.
We've got a lot of work to do.
We've got a major problem on our hands.
We've got a very busy day ahead of us.
We've got a very stressful day ahead of us.
We've got better things to do with our time.
We've got much bigger problems to deal with.
We've got no choice but to do it like this.
We've got our own way of doing things.
We've got our work cut out for us.
We've got to be ready in thirty minutes.
We've got to fill this hole with something.
We've got to find Tom before he does something stupid.
We've got to finish this before we can go home.
We've got to get back to the ship.
We've got to get out of this place.
We've got to get rid of all this trash.
We've got to get rid of this stuff.
We've got to get you out of here.
We've got to get you to a hospital.
We've got to get you to the hospital.
We've got to handle this with kid gloves.
We've got to put a stop to this kind of stuff.
We've got to take Tom to the doctor.
We've had a lot of complaints about how you treat your classmates.
We've had a lot of rain this year.
We've had a lot of storms this winter.
We've had all kinds of weather over the past few days.
We've had more snow this winter than usual.
We've had nice weather for a while now.
We've hired a couple of men to fix our roof.
We've known each other for a long time.
We've known each other for many years now.
We've known each other for more than thirty years.
We've known each other for over thirty years.
We've known each other since we were children.
We've known each other since we were kids.
We've lived in this town for three years.
We've lost a battle, but we'll win the war.
We've no choice but to do it this way.
We've now been together for nearly three years.
We've only got one problem yet to solve.
We've put the Christmas presents under the tree.
We've set our thermostat lower to save money on our heating bill.
We've sold some but not a whole lot.
We've spent every Christmas for the last thirty years together.
We've still got a long way to go.
We've still got a lot of work to do.
We've waited a long time for this day.
What a fool I was to do such a thing!
What a fool I was to lend him the money.
What a nice car you have! You must have paid a lot for it.
What a pity I don't have a garden.
What a pity it is that you can't come!
What a shame to just endure life rather than enjoying it.
What a shame you weren't able to come.
What a wonderful morning! I feel on top of the world.
What accounts for the fact that women outlive men?
What activity do you spend most of your time doing?
What age was she when she first drove a car?
What am I supposed to be looking for?
What am I supposed to do if Tom comes?
What am I supposed to do with that?
What am I supposed to do with them?
What am I supposed to do with this?
What am I supposed to do with what you gave me?
What am I supposed to tell Tom now?
What an idiot I was to lend her money.
What an idiot I was to lend him money.
What answer did you come up with for question three?
What are some foods commonly eaten in America?
What are some foods you can eat to lower your cholesterol?
What are some foods you only eat in the evening?
What are some foods you usually eat with a knife and fork?
What are some foods you usually eat with a spoon?
What are some foods you usually eat with chopsticks?
What are some foods you usually eat with red wine?
What are some foods you usually eat with soy sauce?
What are some foods you usually eat with your children?
What are some foods you usually eat with your fingers?
What are some good foods to eat with potatoes?
What are some of the health benefits of eating fish?
What are some of the most popular foods eaten in Spain?
What are some things that you and Tom have in common?
What are some things you and Tom have in common?
What are the chances that we'll have a white Christmas?
What are the chances we'll have a white Christmas?
What are the children doing in the garden?
What are we going to do if that happens?
What are we going to do with it?
What are we going to have for lunch?
What are you doing at school this afternoon?
What are you doing buying a house that expensive?
What are you doing here this time of night?
What are you doing in a place like this?
What are you eating? I'll order the same thing.
What are you going to be when you grow up?
What are you going to do during the summer holidays?
What are you going to do for summer vacation?
What are you going to do if it rains?
What are you going to do this evening?
What are you going to do to me?
What are you going to do with it anyway?
What are you going to do with it?
What are you going to do with that?
What are you going to do with this camera?
What are you going to do with this money?
What are you going to do? Tell your mom?
What are you going to get me for Christmas?
What are you going to tell me now?
What are you planning to do after this is over?
What are you so nervous about all of a sudden?
What are you trying to hide from me?
What better location for a bakery than next to a school?
What brand of dog food do you feed your dog?
What bugged me most was having been deceived.
What can I do for you this evening?
What can I do to help you right now?
What can we do to increase our profits?
What changes do I need to make to get this to work?
What changes the world is communication, not information.
What color are the walls in your room?
What color are you going to dye your hair?
What color are you going to paint Tom's bedroom?
What color are you going to paint your son's room?
What color was the phlegm that you coughed up?
What could they possibly want us to do?
What country did you visit and how long did you stay?
What day of the week is it today?
What did he want to know about me?
What did I do to deserve such treatment?
What did those two men want from you?
What did Tom do to make Mary angry?
What did Tom tell Mary not to do?
What did Tom tell you he wanted to drink?
What did Tom want to talk to Mary about?
What did you buy this expensive dictionary for?
What did you come here so early for?
What did you do last year on Christmas Day?
What did you do to get expelled from school?
What did you eat for dinner last night?
What did you eat when you were in Australia?
What did you get for Christmas this year?
What did you have for supper last night?
What did you just write in your notebook?
What did you say you gave her for her birthday?
What did you say? Could you please say it again?
What did you think I was going to do?
What did you think I was going to suggest?
What did you think of the movies we saw yesterday?
What did you want to see me about?
What did you want to talk to me about?
What did you want to talk with me about?
What difference does it make if people are looking at us?
What difference would it make if people did that?
What do dogs and wolves have in common?
What do firefighters do when there are no fires?
What do I have to be afraid of?
What do I have to do in return?
What do I have to do now that I'm registered?
What do I have to do this time?
What do I have to do to convince you?
What do nurses spend most of their time doing?
What do they charge for room and board?
What do they do with all their leisure time?
What do they want to talk to me for?
What do we have to be afraid of?
What do you and your family usually eat on Christmas day?
What do you call the last day of the year?
What do you call this bird in English?
What do you call this fish in English?
What do you call this insect in English?
What do you call this vegetable in English?
What do you do in your free time?
What do you do in your spare time?
What do you do to keep from getting bored?
What do you do to keep yourself from getting bored?
What do you do to stay in shape?
What do you do when you don't have time to eat lunch?
What do you do when you're not at work?
What do you enjoy doing in your free time?
What do you enjoy doing in your spare time?
What do you enjoy most about learning French?
What do you expect us to do now?
What do you have hidden behind your back?
What do you have in your right hand?
What do you have planned for the afternoon?
What do you have to add to 17 to get 60?
What do you have to say about that?
What do you have to say in your defense?
What do you intend to do about that?
What do you intend to do with it?
What do you intend to do with the money?
What do you like doing in your spare time?
What do you like the most about your job?
What do you like to cook the most?
What do you like to do in your free time?
What do you like to do in your spare time?
What do you like to do on Sundays?
What do you like to eat for lunch?
What do you love? What do you hate?
What do you love? What don't you love?
What do you mean, I'm not your type?
What do you mean, you can't help me?
What do you plan on buying Tom for Christmas?
What do you plan on doing with the money?
What do you plan to buy Tom for Christmas?
What do you plan to do after graduation?
What do you plan to major in in college?
What do you say to a game of chess?
What do you say to calling it a day?
What do you say to dining out tonight?
What do you say to going out for a short walk?
What do you say to going swimming tomorrow?
What do you say to playing tennis with me?
What do you say to taking a break?
What do you say to taking a rest?
What do you say to taking a walk in the park?
What do you say we buy everyone a drink?
What do you say we go for a swim?
What do you say we go to my house?
What do you say you join me for dinner?
What do you spend a majority of your time doing?
What do you spend most of your time doing?
What do you spend most of your time on the computer doing?
What do you study a foreign language for?
What do you suppose is in this box?
What do you think about it? It'd be great!
What do you think about Japan's educational system?
What do you think about the Japanese economy?
What do you think caused him to lose his job?
What do you think he meant by that?
What do you think I should give Tom for Christmas?
What do you think I should pack for my trip?
What do you think is going to happen?
What do you think is in the box?
What do you think is in this box?
What do you think is the best Christmas present for a woman?
What do you think is the best film that you have seen this year?
What do you think is the best way to get to Tom's house from here?
What do you think might be causing the problem?
What do you think of his new novel?
What do you think of Mary's new dress?
What do you think of my new apartment?
What do you think of my new coat?
What do you think of my new hat?
What do you think of that new restaurant?
What do you think of the new teacher?
What do you think of this red hat?
What do you think of Tom's new tattoo?
What do you think of when you look at this photo?
What do you think of when you see this picture?
What do you think she is doing now?
What do you think they'll do to me?
What do you think this is made of?
What do you think Tom would want you to do?
What do you think Tom's shoe size is?
What do you think you'd like to do next time?
What do you think you'll do with your life?
What do you think you're doing letting the loyalists into the castle?
What do you usually do on Christmas Day?
What do you usually do with your friends?
What do you want me to do about it?
What do you want me to do now?
What do you want me to do with these?
What do you want me to do with this plot of land?
What do you want me to tell Tom?
What do you want me to tell you?
What do you want Santa to bring you for Christmas?
What do you want such an old car for?
What do you want the message to be?
What do you want to be remembered for?
What do you want to be when you grow up?
What do you want to buy for her?
What do you want to do about it?
What do you want to do after you graduate?
What do you want to do before you die?
What do you want to do in Boston?
What do you want to do in the afternoon?
What do you want to do in the future?
What do you want to do that for?
What do you want to do when you grow up?
What do you want to do with it?
What do you want to do with this old chair?
What do you want to drink with your meal?
What do you want to eat for lunch?
What do you want to eat this weekend?
What do you want to get Tom for Christmas?
What do you want to hear from me?
What do you want to know about me?
What do you want to see while you're here?
What do you want to speak to me about?
What do you want to study at college?
What do you want to talk to me about?
What do your children usually eat for breakfast?
What does "quality of life" mean to you?
What does a Scotsman wear under his kilt?
What does any of that have to do with me?
What does it cost to build a new house in this neighborhood?
What does it feel like to always have people following you around?
What does it feel like to be famous?
What does it mean when a girl winks at you?
What does it take to get some service here?
What does not kill me, makes me stronger.
What does that gentleman do for a living?
What does that have to do with me?
What does that have to do with us?
What does that have to do with you?
What does the earth look like from space?
What does the sign over the door say?
What does the word "get" mean in this sentence?
What does this have to do with me?
What does this have to do with our current problems?
What does this have to do with school?
What does this have to do with us?
What does this image make you think of?
What does what happened last night have to do with what's happening today?
What does your family do on Christmas Day?
What does your family eat for Christmas dinner?
What does your son want to be when he grows up?
What does your spouse like to do that you don't like to do?
What doesn't kill us only makes us stronger.
What else can I do to help you?
What else do you have in your pocket?
What else do you think Tom is planning to do?
What else do you want me to say?
What else do you want us to tell you?
What exactly do you intend to do with this?
What exactly do you want me to do?
What exactly do you want us to do?
What exactly is it that you want me to say?
What foods, if any, do you avoid eating?
What foreign countries would you like to visit?
What fruit would you like to have for dessert?
What game do you want to play now?
What games do you have on your phone?
What gift would you like to receive for Christmas?
What gives you the right to do that?
What grade did you get on the test?
What happened to that friend of yours that you introduced me to last weekend?
What happened to the man who shot Tom?
What happened to the rest of your crew?
What happens when an unstoppable force hits an unmovable object?
What happens when we run out of water?
What happens when you have an allergic reaction?
What has become of the book I put here a few minutes ago?
What has happened to the book I put here a few moments ago?
What have we done to be punished like this?
What have you been doing all this time!
What have you been doing all this while?
What have you bought your girlfriend for Christmas?
What have you done with my pen? It was here a minute ago.
What he meant by those words finally dawned on me.
What he needs most is a good job.
What he said applies, to a certain extent, to this case.
What he said is irrelevant to the matter.
What he said turned out to be a lie.
What he said turned out to be false.
What he said turned out to be true.
What he said was brief and to the point.
What he said yesterday is not consistent with what he said last week.
What he says makes no sense at all.
What he says sounds very sensible to me.
What hurts the most is that you didn't feel you could tell me the truth.
What I need is a little more time.
What I need is not money, but your advice.
What I need isn't money, but your advice.
What I really want is something hot to eat.
What I really want to do is sleep.
What I really want to do is to get some sleep.
What I told you about him also holds good for his brother.
What I told you about him also holds true for his brother.
What I want for Christmas is for my family to be here with me.
What I want is some peace and quiet.
What I want now is not money, but time.
What I want now isn't money, but time.
What I want to know are the facts.
What I want to know is how to do this.
What I was looking for was right before my eyes.
What if he doesn't want to talk to me?
What if I make a fool of myself?
What if I told you I really want to be a teacher?
What if someone killed Tom? What would you do?
What if you gave a speech and nobody came?
What if you were able to buy the house you've always dreamed of?
What I'm about to say is strictly between you and me.
What I'm holding in my hands is a fossilized shell.
What is at issue in this debate is the survival of our planet.
What is considered impolite in one language may not be considered impolite in another language.
What is important in writing a composition is to make your ideas clear.
What is important is not how many books you read, but what books you read.
What is it that makes you think that way?
What is it that you really want to say?
What is it that you want me to do?
What is it that you want to ask me?
What is it you do for a living?
What is it you really want to tell me?
What is it you want me to do?
What is it you want to ask me?
What is it you want to sell to us?
What is it you want to talk about?
What is it you want to tell us?
What is right in one society can be wrong in another.
What is still better is that the house has a beautiful garden.
What is that big building in front of us?
What is the address of the new bookshop?
What is the average life span in Japan?
What is the best advice you've ever been given?
What is the best way to learn a foreign language?
What is the difference between A and B?
What is the difference between this and that?
What is the exchange rate for the dollar?
What is the highest level of school you completed?
What is the highest mountain in North America?
What is the length of this piece of cloth?
What is the local time in New York?
What is the main industry in this town?
What is the main purpose of this plan?
What is the main purpose of your studying English?
What is the most beautiful thing in the world?
What is the most romantic city in the world?
What is the poorest country in the European Union?
What is the purpose of the stock market?
What is the racoon doing in the kitchen?
What is the second largest country in the world?
What is the smallest island in the world?
What is the strangest thing you've ever eaten?
What is the theme of his latest novel?
What is the total amount of money you spent?
What is Tom doing here? I thought he was in Europe.
What is your idea of a good time?
What is your ultimate goal in your life?
What kind of a party do you want?
What kind of a person does something like that?
What kind of a sick joke is this?
What kind of a wedding do you want?
What kind of alcohol do you usually drink?
What kind of birthday present would you like?
What kind of bread do you like best?
What kind of bread do you usually eat?
What kind of changes do you want us to make?
What kind of clothes do you usually wear to school?
What kind of deodorant do you prefer, spray or roll-on?
What kind of food do you and your family eat on Christmas Day?
What kind of food do you eat on Christmas Day?
What kind of food do you usually cook?
What kind of food do you usually eat?
What kind of fool do you think I am?
What kind of fruit juice do you have?
What kind of fuel do you use in this machine?
What kind of information are you looking for?
What kind of man do you think I am?
What kind of meeting do you have tomorrow?
What kind of movie do you want to watch?
What kind of movies do you like to watch?
What kind of music did you listen to when you were a teenager?
What kind of music do you enjoy listening to?
What kind of music do you like to listen to when you're driving?
What kind of music do you like to listen to?
What kind of music do you listen to?
What kind of music do you usually listen to?
What kind of music does Tom listen to?
What kind of music has been popular recently?
What kind of part-time job do you have?
What kind of person do you think I am?
What kind of person would do that kind of thing?
What kind of person would forget to pick their children up after school?
What kind of person would spend so much money on a bicycle?
What kind of places would you like to see?
What kind of programs do you like to watch?
What kind of question is that? Do you really expect me to answer that?
What kind of ranch did you grow up on?
What kind of reading do you like to do?
What kind of shots did they give you?
What kind of shows do you like to watch?
What kind of snacks do you plan on having at the party?
What kind of snacks do you plan to have at the party?
What kind of software does Tom usually use?
What kind of songs are popular these days?
What kind of sports we play depends on the weather and the season.
What kind of things do you enjoy doing?
What kind of things do you find annoying?
What kind of TV programs do you like?
What kind of woman do you think I am?
What kind of yogurt do you like best?
What kinds of changes are needed to address these problems?
What kinds of goods do you sell in your shop?
What kinds of meat dishes do you serve?
What kinds of plants are you growing in your garden?
What kinds of things do you enjoy doing?
What language do they speak in the United States?
What language do they speak in your country?
What language do you use when you talk with your parents?
What language do you usually use when talking with Tom?
What languages do you know how to speak?
What made you change your mind all of a sudden?
What made you want to become a doctor?
What makes you so sure that this won't happen again?
What makes you so sure Tom was the one who stole your bicycle?
What makes you think I don't like your friends?
What makes you think I need a loan?
What makes you think I want to spend Christmas with Tom?
What makes you think I want your help?
What makes you think I won't be able to do it?
What makes you think I'd want to do that?
What makes you think I'd want to see that?
What makes you think I'm going to go to Boston with Tom?
What makes you think that I like you?
What makes you think that I'm against that?
What makes you think that Tom prefers living in the country?
What makes you think that Tom will listen to me?
What makes you think Tom can do this?
What makes you think Tom enjoys doing that?
What makes you think Tom would ever consider going on a date with Mary?
What makes you think we have a secret?
What makes you think you won't be able to do it?
What mileage do you get with this car?
What more do we need to make us happy?
What mountain do you think is the second highest in Japan?
What movie was it that you told me I should watch?
What number bus do I take to get to Waikiki?
What number should I call in case of an emergency?
What on earth are we going to do?
What on earth are you doing in such a lonely place?
What on earth are you trying to say?
What on earth do you think you're doing?
What on earth do you want six copies of the same book for?
What on earth does this have to do with me?
What on earth were you thinking, bringing him here?
What other forms do I need to fill out?
What part of Australia do you come from?
What proof do you have that he committed this crime?
What really surprised me most was that I was the only one who got fired.
What reason did he give for being so late?
What right do you have to order us around?
What seems simple to you seems complex to me.
What shall we buy him for his birthday?
What she lacks in charisma she makes up for with hard work.
What she said turned out to be false.
What should I do in order to save time?
What should I do to find a suitable job for myself?
What should I do with all this stuff?
What should we do if he comes late?
What should we do if he happens to come late?
What should you do if you are bitten by a cobra?
What songs are you going to sing tonight?
What sort of father do you think you'll be?
What sort of information do you get on the Internet?
What sort of people hang out at a place like this?
What sort of things do you do on weekends?
What sort of yogurt do you like best?
What state did you visit and how long did you stay?
What subject do you think he is interested in?
What surprised me most about that accident is how fast the lawyers arrived on the scene.
What surprised me most was that she didn't like candy.
What they did next was bad, even by my standards.
What they said to you is exactly the opposite of what they told me yesterday.
What they wanted was a man like himself.
What this club is today is largely due to the effort of these people.
What time are you coming to pick me up?
What time are you planning to be home tonight?
What time did you close the store last night?
What time did you get up this morning?
What time did you go to bed last night?
What time did you go to bed yesterday?
What time did you go to sleep last night?
What time did you leave your house this morning?
What time did you wake up this morning?
What time do you get off from work?
What time do you get up every day?
What time do you get up every morning?
What time do you leave home in the morning?
What time do you think Tom will get home?
What time do you think you'll likely arrive?
What time do you turn off the lights?
What time do you usually go to bed?
What time do you usually leave for work?
What time do you wake up in the morning?
What time do you want me to be here?
What time do you want me to pick you up?
What time do you want me to wake you up?
What time does school start in the morning?
What time does the next train leave for Tokyo?
What time does the shuttle bus leave for the airport?
What time does your watch say it is now?
What time is it now by your watch?
What time is the plane scheduled to land?
What time is your plane due to take off?
What time is your plane scheduled to take off?
What time should I go to the airport?
What time was it when you entered the building?
What time will the flight arrive in Tokyo?
What time will the washing machine repairman come?
What time will you come pick me up?
What time will you get to the station?
What time will you have to go to bed?
What Tom ate for dinner didn't cost much.
What Tom likes most is whiskey on the rocks.
What Tom really wanted was a good friend he could talk to.
What Tom said made a lot of sense.
What Tom said made you angry, didn't it?
What Tom wants to do isn't a good idea.
What Tom was doing annoyed everyone in the room.
What was it that brought you to me?
What was it that caused you to change your mind?
What was it that he was looking for?
What was it that we were told to do?
What was it you wanted to talk to me about?
What was the best present you got last Christmas?
What was the best present you received last Christmas?
What was the first concert you went to?
What was the first instrument you learned to play?
What was the first song you ever wrote?
What was the hotel called? I can't remember.
What was the name of the hotel where you stayed in Boston last year?
What was the name of the movie we saw last night?
What was your favorite book when you were a child?
What was your name before you changed it?
What was your relationship with your father like when you were a kid?
What we ended up learning was that the meat had been contaminated.
What we have is one thing and what we are is quite another.
What we know of health we have learned from the study of disease.
What we should do next is the question.
What were you doing about this time yesterday?
What were you doing when I called this morning?
What were you doing when I called you yesterday?
What were you dreaming about when I woke you up?
What will become of the children after his death?
What will happen if there's a power failure now?
What will it take to get you to vote for me?
What will losing the war mean to us?
What will the world be like 200 years from now?
What will you do with your first paycheck?
What with good fortune, and his own effort, he won the first prize in the contest.
What with the heat and the humidity, I didn't sleep well.
What would happen if I pushed this button?
What would happen if the earth stopped spinning?
What would happen if you didn't go to school tomorrow?
What would I do if something happened to you?
What would I do if they really came?
What would it cost to have this chair repaired?
What would Tom do if he ever learned the truth?
What would you buy if you won the lottery?
What would you do if Tom asked you to do that?
What would you do if you had a billion dollars?
What would you do if you had a million dollars?
What would you do if you had one year free?
What would you do if you lost your job?
What would you do if you met a lion here?
What would you do if you saw a ghost?
What would you do if you saw a man from another planet?
What would you do if you were in my place?
What would you do if you were me?
What would you do in this type of situation?
What would you do with a million dollars?
What would you do, if you were me?
What would you have done in my place?
What would you like me to do with this?
What would you like Santa to bring you?
What would you like to do after you graduate?
What would you like to do while you're here?
What would you say if you were in my place?
What would you say to someone else in your situation?
What would you think if I didn't come?
What would your mother think if she saw you like this?
What year of medical school are you in?
What you are doing is now far more dangerous than what Tom did.
What you are doing is now much more dangerous than what Tom did.
What you are is more important than what you have.
What you do is more important than what you say.
What you have just said reminds me of an old saying.
What you have said applies only to single women.
What you make is small potatoes compared to the boss's salary.
What you need is a good night's sleep.
What you said does not apply to this case.
What you said makes absolutely no sense to me.
What you say does not make any sense to me.
What you say is more important than how you say it.
What you see above the water is just the tip of the iceberg.
What you spend time doing in your childhood affects the rest of your life.
What you write and how you write can change your life.
What you're asking me to do is impossible.
What you're doing right now is a crime.
What! This T-shirt is 3,000 yen? This is a rip-off!
Whatever doesn't kill us only makes us stronger.
Whatever happened to acid rain? You don't hear about it in the news anymore.
Whatever happens, I want you to know I love you.
Whatever happens, I want you to know that I love you.
Whatever happens, I'll stick to my principles to the bitter end.
Whatever he may say, I won't change my mind.
Whatever you do, don't drop your new phone.
Whatever you do, don't ever press this button.
Whatever you do, don't let go of the rope.
Whatever you do, don't let Tom help you.
Whatever you do, you must do your best.
What'll you be doing at this time tomorrow?
What'll you do if I don't give you my permission?
What'll you do if you can't find enough food to feed your family?
What're the chances that Tom will actually get the job?
What're the chances that Tom will do that?
What're you going to be when you grow up?
What're you going to do during your summer vacation?
What's a beautiful woman like you doing in a place like this?
What's good for the goose is good for the gander.
What's important isn't which university you've graduated from, but what you learned while you were there.
What's in the beach bag that's in the trunk of your car?
What's in the box is none of your business.
What's made you decide to work for our company?
What's new in your neck of the woods?
What's new with you? How is your new job working out?
What's obvious is that you're not very happy here.
What's on the other side of the wall?
What's on the other side of this wall?
What's sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander.
What's that strange smell coming from the kitchen?
What's that thing you have in your hand?
What's the best Christmas present you've ever gotten?
What's the best Christmas present you've ever received?
What's the best thing that you've ever gotten for Christmas?
What's the best thing you've ever gotten for Christmas?
What's the best way to learn a language?
What's the best way to resolve the problem?
What's the difference between a bicycle and a motorcycle?
What's the difference between a dog and a wolf?
What's the difference between a fable and a fairytale?
What's the difference between a hedgehog and a porcupine?
What's the difference between a magazine and a newspaper?
What's the difference between a rabbit and a hare?
What's the difference between a religion and a cult?
What's the difference between a star and a planet?
What's the difference between a stream and a river?
What's the difference between an epidemic and a pandemic?
What's the difference between liking and loving someone?
What's the fastest way to get there from here?
What's the fastest way to get to the airport?
What's the fastest way to get to the post office?
What's the first question that comes to your mind?
What's the first thing you're going to do?
What's the good of having a car if you don't drive?
What's the harm in trying to do that?
What's the most dangerous thing you've ever done?
What's the most important part of a good education?
What's the most interesting job you've ever had?
What's the most interesting place you've ever visited?
What's the most popular sport in your country?
What's the name of that fat girl you used to date in high school?
What's the name of the company you work for?
What's the name of the highest mountain in Germany?
What's the name of the movie we watched yesterday?
What's the one thing you would have done differently?
What's the real reason you don't want to do this?
What's the spookiest thing that has ever happened to you?
What's the weather going to be like tomorrow?
What's the weirdest thing that has ever happened to you?
What's the worst thing that has ever happened to you?
What's this song? I've heard it before, but I can't remember the name.
What's wrong with being nude in your own house?
What's wrong with parading around your own house naked?
What's wrong with running around your house naked?
What's your favorite kind of movie to watch with your children?
What's your favorite thing about the Christmas season?
What's your favorite thing to have for supper?
When a native speaker tries to help me sound more like a native speaker, I'm thankful.
When all you have is a hammer, every problem starts to look like a nail.
When and where exactly did you buy that?
When angry, count to four. When very angry, swear.
When applying to American universities, your TOEFL score is only one factor.
When are you coming back to the office?
When are you going back to your own country?
When are you going to leave for London?
When are you moving to your new house?
When are you planning to tie the knot?
When asked how to do it, he said he didn't know.
When Dad came home, I was watching TV.
When Dad finds out what you've done, he's going to hit the roof.
When did the Thirty Years' War take place?
When did you arrive? Did you arrive today?
When did you decide not to go into the office?
When did you find out that Tom didn't have to do that?
When did you first notice that you were losing your hair?
When did you get back from your trip?
When did you get out of the hospital?
When did you go to bed last night?
When did you have time to do all this?
When did you notice that your purse was missing?
When did you notice your purse was missing?
When did you see her dancing with him?
When did your sister leave Tokyo for London?
When do I need to hand in the report?
When do you expect to have your Christmas shopping done?
When do you have to go to bed?
When do you intend to come home this evening?
When do you put up your Christmas tree?
When do you take down your Christmas tree?
When do you think you're going to arrive?
When does school let out for the holidays?
When does the rainy season in Japan begin?
When does Tom usually go to the gym?
When entering a house in Japan, you take off your shoes.
When funds are limited, priorities need to be set.
When Hawking graduated from college in 1962, he began studying for a Ph.D. in physics.
When he arrives in Tokyo, I'll call you right away.
When he came to, he was tied to a chair in the basement.
When he finds out, he won't be happy.
When he finished speaking, there was a silence.
When he got into trouble, he turned to his parents for help.
When he got to the station, the train had already left.
When he heard the news, he turned pale.
When he reached the station, the train had already left almost half an hour before.
When he retired, his son took over his business.
When he saw her letter, he felt somewhat uneasy.
When he saw the policeman, he ran away.
When he was a child, he would go fishing on Sundays.
When he was in the military, he conformed to the strict army rules.
When his wife died, he received dozens of condolence cards.
When I arrived at the station, the train had already left.
When I arrived at the station, the train was just about to leave.
When I arrived, there was no one there.
When I came back, my car was gone.
When I came home, I felt very hungry.
When I came to, I was in the hospital.
When I cough twice, that's your cue to come into the room.
When I didn't know how to answer the question, he gave me a hint.
When I don't have anything to say, I'm not embarrassed to be quiet.
When I get through with my work, I'll call you.
When I give an order, I expect it to be followed.
When I go to see my grandson, I always give him something.
When I got back, I found my car missing.
When I got home, I had a nice, ice-cold shower.
When I got home, I was very hungry.
When I got out of jail, I had no intention of committing another crime.
When I got out of jail, I wanted to patch things up with my wife.
When I got out of jail, the first thing I bought was an economy car.
When I got out of the car, I felt like I had been here before.
When I got there, there was no more cake left.
When I got to his house, he had already been taken away.
When I got to school, the race had already finished.
When I got up today, my throat felt a little sore.
When I got up, the sun was already high in the sky.
When I grow up I want to be just like you.
When I grow up, I want to be a king.
When I grow up, I want to be a pastry chef.
When I grow up, I want to be a train conductor.
When I grow up, I want to be an English teacher.
When I grow up, I want to be just like you.
When I have a lot on my mind, sometimes I forget to eat.
When I have migraines, aspirin doesn't alleviate the pain for me.
When I hear that song, I think about my hometown.
When I hear that song, I think about the place where I grew up.
When I heard that song, it reminded me of my childhood.
When I heard that song, it reminded me of when I was a kid.
When I heard that, I started to cry.
When I heard the news, I wanted to cry.
When I heard the news, I was overcome by a great sadness.
When I lived in Rome, I took the subway every day.
When I met Tom, he was dating a girl named Mary.
When I opened the curtains, it was snowing.
When I opened the door of the refrigerator, an apple fell out.
When I opened the door, I broke the lock.
When I opened the door, I found him asleep.
When I opened the refrigerator, I noticed the meat had spoiled.
When I opened the window, I saw children playing baseball.
When I painted this picture, I was 23 years old.
When I pressed the button, the bell rang.
When I really want something, I work hard for it.
When I regained consciousness, I was in the hospital.
When I retire, I'd like to spend the rest of my life in the country.
When I saw her recently, she looked very happy.
When I saw the picture, I remembered the story.
When I saw Tom yesterday, he was wearing a cowboy hat.
When I see him, I think of my grandfather.
When I speak to a Westerner, I have to shift mental gears, so to speak.
When I take a deep breath, a pain runs down the right side of my back.
When I think back on what I did, I feel pretty stupid.
When I told him that, he got furious.
When I told him that, he was very much embarrassed.
When I tripped, I had trouble getting back up.
When I try to walk, I get an awful pain here.
When I use contacts, my eyes feel dry and become red.
When I visited their apartment, the couple was right in the middle of an argument.
When I was a boy, I always got up early.
When I was a child, I believed in Santa Claus.
When I was a child, I could sleep anywhere.
When I was a child, I played catch with my father.
When I was a child, I played with my friends every day.
When I was a child, I used to go to the seashore every summer.
When I was a child, I used to swim in that pond.
When I was a child, I was always drinking milk.
When I was a child, I was spanked if I did something wrong.
When I was a child, I would spend hours reading alone in my room.
When I was a child, my mother made me eat everything on my plate.
When I was a child, my mother made me eat green vegetables every day.
When I was a child, my mother would often read fairy tales to me.
When I was a child, the most painful time of the day was mealtime.
When I was a college student, I always pulled all-nighters before tests.
When I was a kid, I hardly ever ate fruit.
When I was a kid, I often went to the beach to go swimming.
When I was a kid, I was afraid of frogs.
When I was feeding my dog, I noticed that the gate had been left open.
When I was growing up, I never imagined that I would become famous.
When I was in Boston, I visited Tom.
When I was in high school, I used to earn extra money babysitting.
When I was in high school, I was the best student in my class.
When I was in New York, I happened to meet my old friend.
When I was in school, I really hated writing essays.
When I was in school, left-handed kids were forced to write with their right hands.
When I was little, I believed in Santa.
When I was strolling along the beach this morning, I found this bottle.
When I was thirteen years old, I couldn't speak French at all.
When I was young, I tried to read as many books as I could.
When I was young, I used to climb trees a lot.
When I was young, I used to often watch baseball games.
When I was young, my father often talked to me about the Golden Pavilion.
When I was younger, I used to listen to a lot of punk rock.
When I was your age, I had a boyfriend.
When I was your age, I had a girlfriend.
When I was your age, I had a job.
When I was your age, I thought the same way as you about this issue.
When I was your age, I walked to school every day.
When I was your age, I was already married.
When I was your age, Pluto was a planet.
When I wear a mask, my glasses fog up.
When I woke up this morning, I felt sick.
When I woke up, I found I had been tied up.
When I woke up, it was still dark outside.
When I'm hot, a glass of cool water really refreshes me.
When in Rome, do as the Romans do.
When is the last time you wrote a love letter?
When is the wedding going to take place?
When is this storm ever going to pass?
When it comes to fishing, he's an expert.
When it comes to good quality wine, no country can rival France.
When it comes to my supervisor, he's very inconsistent, so we never get any work done.
When it comes to sweets, I just can't control myself.
When it rains, the buses are late more often than not.
When it was time to vote, he abstained.
When it's this hot, I don't feel like doing anything.
When Mary reached the bus stop, the last bus had already left.
When Mary was a child, her family was very poor.
When Mary was a girl, she was as cute as a button.
When my brother was young, I often used to take him to the park.
When my dad finds out, he won't be happy.
When my father came home, I was studying.
When my husband died, I had a lot of difficulties keeping my chin up.
When my mom finds out, she won't be happy.
When my uncle left for America, many people came to see him off at the airport.
When my wife finds out, she won't be happy.
When parents get old in Japan, they are customarily looked after by their children.
When she heard the bad news, she fainted.
When she heard the news, she broke down crying.
When she returned to her room, the diamond ring was gone.
When she saw that they had no schools, she started one.
When she was in Los Angeles, she had at least six different jobs.
When she was three years old, her father died.
When she was young, she was very beautiful.
When somebody runs a red light, they risk causing an accident.
When spring arrives, I'm going to take up a new sport.
When spring comes, they dig up the fields and plant seeds.
When spring comes, they plow the fields and plant seeds.
When summer is over, the days grow shorter and shorter.
When the bell rang, the audience took their seats.
When the bell rang, the teacher ended the class.
When the bomb exploded, I happened to be there.
When the boss finds out, heads are going to roll.
When the chips are down, the only one you can count on is yourself.
When the curtain went up, the stage was dark.
When the desire for leisure is stronger than the other urges, leisure wins.
When the dog saw me, it wagged its tail.
When the door slammed unexpectedly, it startled me.
When the judge speaks, everyone in the courtroom listens.
When the king died, the kingdom was thrown into chaos.
When the last customer leaves, we close the doors.
When the man saw a policeman, he fled.
When the program finished, we switched the radio off.
When the rain stops, I'll take the dog out for a walk.
When the results are made public, I'll let you know.
When the thief heard the dog bark, he ran away.
When the weather was nice, Tom always left his windows open.
When they finally found him, it was too late.
When they got to the station, the train had already left.
When they moved to the town, they found it easy to make friends.
When Tom comes back, let's ask him what he thinks.
When Tom got home, his children were already asleep.
When Tom lost his wallet, he was out of luck.
When Tom opened the door, he saw Mary standing there with a six-pack and a pizza.
When Tom stopped for a stop sign, his engine stalled.
When traveling, it is easy to get lost.
When was it that you first met her?
When was the first time that you played poker?
When was the last time I visited you?
When was the last time that you did something for the first time?
When was the last time that you had a vacation?
When was the last time that you watered the garden?
When was the last time that you went to a zoo?
When was the last time Tom came here?
When was the last time Tom did that?
When was the last time you ate lunch with Tom?
When was the last time you bought shoes?
When was the last time you brushed your teeth?
When was the last time you celebrated Christmas with your whole family?
When was the last time you drank alcohol?
When was the last time you dyed your hair?
When was the last time you fried an egg?
When was the last time you got your hair cut?
When was the last time you had a bath?
When was the last time you had a physical?
When was the last time you had a really good cry?
When was the last time you had a vacation?
When was the last time you had to deal with this kind of problem?
When was the last time you had your vision tested?
When was the last time you heard a cat meow?
When was the last time you mopped the kitchen?
When was the last time you played soccer?
When was the last time you played violin?
When was the last time you rode a bicycle?
When was the last time you rode a bike?
When was the last time you saw a doctor?
When was the last time you saw the cat?
When was the last time you saw the sunshine?
When was the last time you saw Tom?
When was the last time you saw your boyfriend?
When was the last time you slept in this room?
When was the last time you slept more than ten hours?
When was the last time you slept on the ground?
When was the last time you spoke with Tom?
When was the last time you squashed a spider?
When was the last time you talked to Tom?
When was the last time you talked with Tom?
When was the last time you took the subway?
When was the last time you traveled by train?
When was the last time you used benzodiazepines that were not prescribed to you?
When was the last time you used heroin or methadone?
When was the last time you used opiates?
When was the last time you visited the dentist?
When was the last time you watered the garden?
When was the last time you went to an art gallery?
When was the last time you went to church?
When was the last time you wore a suit?
When was the last time you wore boots?
When we are together, time seems to stand still.
When we are told not to come, we become all the more eager to go.
When we arrived at the stadium, the game had already started.
When we arrived, the lecture had already begun.
When we awoke, we were adrift on the open sea.
When we borrow money, we must agree on the conditions.
When we decorate our Christmas tree, tinsel always gets stuck to our clothes.
When we entered the shack, we saw a half-eaten pie on the table.
When we got home last night, the others were already in bed and fast asleep.
When we got to the station, the train had already left.
When we landed, we saw our friend on the pier.
When we saw what was happening there, we decided to leave.
When we started out in this business, many people said that we would fail.
When we started out, we didn't really know what we were doing.
When we started out, we only had six employees.
When we started this business, neither one of us had had any experience.
When we were kids, we played together every day.
When we were on the brink of starvation, they saved our lives.
When we're in a hurry, we cut through the park.
When we're together, I don't worry about the future.
When were you thinking of coming back to the States?
When will that picture I wanted enlarged be ready?
When will the roses in your garden bloom?
When will the world come to an end?
When will you return my book to me?
When would you have time to come over and help me move my piano?
When you can't do what you want, you do what you can.
When you come across new words, you must look them up in your dictionary.
When you come next time, bring your brother.
When you feel tired, there is nothing like having a bath.
When you finish reading this letter, burn it.
When you get on the highway, shift into fifth gear.
When you get to be my age, you'll understand what I mean.
When you have a question, ask the teacher.
When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
When you hear hoofbeats behind you, don't expect to see a zebra.
When you leave the room, please make sure you turn off the lights.
When you love someone, you'll do anything to make that person happy.
When you love what you do, it shows.
When you make the bed, don't forget to fluff up the pillows.
When you press this button, the door opens.
When you said you'd look after Spot, you knew there'd be responsibilities.
When you see Tom, tell him I said hello.
When you shake hands with somebody, you must look him in the eye.
When you skateboard, it puts quite a strain on your knees.
When you surf the web, you may be tracked by websites.
When you think about it that doesn't make a whole lot of sense.
When you turn left you'll see the post office.
When you wake up tomorrow morning, you will find a wonderful thing.
When your husband finds out, he won't be happy.
When your resources are limited, you have to prioritize.
When your stomach is busy, digesting a big meal your brain takes a vacation.
When you're done with the book, put it back where you found it.
When you're eighteen years old, you're an adult in the United States.
When you're good enough to join the team, we'll let you join.
When you're in a hurry, it's easy to make a mistake.
When you're mad, count to ten before speaking.
When you've finished reading that book, I'd like to read it.
Whenever he comes to this place, he orders the same dish.
Whenever I cook spaghetti noodles, I set an egg timer.
Whenever I get on the subway, I put my wallet in my front pocket.
Whenever I hear that song, I think of a certain girl.
Whenever I hear that song, I think of my childhood.
Whenever I lie down on my bed and read a book, I fall asleep.
Whenever I see you, my heart tells me that I'm in love.
Whenever I try to get near her, she pushes me away.
Whenever my uncle comes, he brings some nice things for us.
Whenever you're in trouble or feeling down, I'll be there for you.
When's the last time you climbed a tree?
Where are you going to spend your summer vacation?
Where are you going to vacation this summer?
Where are you planning on going this evening?
Where are you planning to spend the night?
Where can I buy a shirt like that?
Where can I find an outlet for all my anger?
Where can I get a bite to eat?
Where can I get hold of a good tax lawyer?
Where can I go to buy art books and catalogs?
Where can I go to get some good advice?
Where can I obtain a map of Europe?
Where can I pick up my airplane ticket?
Where can you get the best fresh bread?
Where could I find someone to help me?
Where did you find it, at school or at home?
Where did you find such an ugly hat?
Where did you get all that money from?
Where did you get that piece of wire?
Where did you get that scratch on your cheek?
Where did you get the money to buy that dress?
Where did you have your new suit made?
Where did you learn such a difficult word?
Where did you learn to cook like this?
Where did you learn to dance like this?
Where did you put the book I was reading?
Where did you take the children yesterday afternoon?
Where did you work before you came here?
Where do I go after I pick up my baggage?
Where do the buses for downtown leave from?
Where do you get off telling me anything?
Where do you get off telling me that?
Where do you plan to go on vacation next summer?
Where do you suppose you'll spend your vacation?
Where do you think you'll be spending your holiday?
Where do you usually go to get a haircut?
Where do you want me to put this?
Where do you want me to put your suitcase?
Where do you want to go during the summer vacation?
Where do you want to live after you retire?
Where do you want to pitch the tent?
Where do you want us to start looking?
Where have you been for the past three months?
Where have you been the last few days?
Where I live, we have snow in January.
Where in Europe would you like to visit?
Where in the world did you get the idea?
Where is it? I've been searching for hours.
Where is the boarding gate for Japan Airlines 124?
Where is the book with the red cover?
Where is the bus stop for the museum?
Where is the ladies' room? I want to wash my hands.
Where is the most beautiful place in the world?
Where on earth can he have gone off to at this time of day?
Where on earth did you go last night?
Where on earth have you been all this time?
Where the treasure is hidden is still a mystery.
Where they burn books, they will eventually burn people.
Where was it that you found this key?
Where were you at 2:30 on Monday afternoon?
Where were you at the time of the fire?
Where were you on the night of October 20th?
Where were you when I needed your help?
Where were you when I really needed your help?
Where were you when your wife disappeared, Tom?
Where were you? Everyone was looking for you.
Where were you? I've been trying to reach you all day.
Where were you? We've been looking all over for you.
Where will you be three hours from now?
Where would you like to go next summer?
Where's the blouse that I bought for you?
Where's the men's room? I want to wash my hands.
Whether he agrees or not, we won't change our plans.
Whether he will come at all is doubtful.
Whether he wrote it or not will always remain a secret.
Whether rains or not, the game is going to be held.
Whether Shakespeare wrote this poem or not will probably remain a mystery.
Whether we go or not depends on the weather.
Whether we like it or not, we have to go there.
Whether we succeed or not, we have to do our best.
Whether we will go on the trip depends on the weather.
Whether we win or lose, I won't have any hard feelings.
Whether you believe it or not, I believe it.
Whether you like it or not doesn't matter.
Whether you like it or not, you have to do your homework.
Whether you like it or not, you'll have to do it.
Which account should I transfer the money to?
Which air conditioner do you think is the most efficient?
Which beach do you like to go to?
Which bus do I take to get downtown?
Which came first, the chicken or the egg?
Which CD do you want to listen to?
Which color do you like more, blue or red?
Which color do you prefer, blue or green?
Which comes first, your career or your family?
Which do you like better, apples or bananas?
Which do you like better, meat or fish?
Which do you like better, spring or autumn?
Which do you like better, summer or winter?
Which do you like better, sushi or tempura?
Which do you like better, the sea or the mountains?
Which do you like better, this or that?
Which do you like better, white wine or red wine?
Which do you prefer, white wine or red wine?
Which do you usually drink, wine or beer?
Which goes faster, a ship or a train?
Which ice cream shop are you going to?
Which is easier, this book or that book?
Which is longer, this pen or that one?
Which is quicker, a taxi or the subway?
Which is the capital of the United States, Washington or New York?
Which is the more expensive of the two?
Which is the most difficult language in the world?
Which is your book, this one or that one?
Which kind of watch do you prefer, digital or analog?
Which language do you use when you speak to your parents?
Which museum would you like to visit first?
Which of the composers do you like best?
Which of the two is telling the truth?
Which of these dictionaries do you think is the best?
Which one do you prefer, the red one or the blue one?
Which one do you prefer, this one or that one?
Which one do you think I should choose?
Which one of these boxes do you want?
Which one of these glasses did you drink out of?
Which one of us do you like best?
Which one of you two are coming with me?
Which one of you wasn't on the bus?
Which one of your guitars do you enjoy playing the most?
Which reminds me, it's been more than 30 years since that incident.
Which team is the most likely to win the championship?
Which TV show do you like the most?
Which way do I go to get to the police station?
Which writing system is the most difficult in the world?
While backing up, I bumped into another car and set off its alarm.
While employed at the bank, he taught economics at college.
While he was lost in thought, he heard his name called.
While he was sick, he lost a lot of weight.
While I understand what you're saying, I don't agree with you.
While I was swimming, I got a cramp in my leg.
While I was waiting for the bus, I saw a traffic accident.
While I was waiting for the bus, I witnessed a traffic accident.
While I was waiting for the streetcar, I witnessed a traffic accident.
While in London, he visited the British Museum.
While she was staying in Japan, she often visited Kyoto.
While swimming in the pool, she lost her locker key.
While they were away on vacation, their neighbors looked after the dog.
While traveling in Europe, I was pickpocketed on a train.
While waiting for the bus, I was caught in a shower.
While we were on holiday, a neighbor took care of our cat.
While we're waiting, why don't you tell me what happened?
While you are about it, please make a cup of coffee for me, too.
While you are asleep, the bodily functions slow down and body temperature falls.
While you are reading to me, I can do my sewing.
While you're young, you should read a lot.
Whip the egg whites until they are stiff.
White carpets are very hard to keep clean.
White collar crime has made American people trust the government less.
White wine doesn't agree with me. I prefer beer.
Who am I to tell you what to do?
Who are you and what are you doing here?
Who are you and what do you want?
Who are you and where do you come from?
Who are you and why are you here?
Who are you closest to in your family?
Who are you going to send that to?
Who are you to tell me what to do?
Who are you to tell us we can't go?
Who broke the news of her death to you?
Who came up with that idea in the first place?
Who can afford to buy such an expensive house?
Who can be calling me at this hour?
Who can predict what will happen in the future?
Who can read the heroic deeds of brave men without a feeling of respect and admiration?
Who can tell me how a light bulb works?
Who can tell what will happen in the future?
Who cared for the dog when you were away?
Who did Tom plan on going to Australia with?
Who did Tom want to go to Australia with?
Who did you have in mind when you made those remarks?
Who did you vote for in the election?
Who did you want to do that with?
Who do you expect to get Christmas presents from?
Who do you expect to receive Christmas presents from?
Who do you have to do that with?
Who do you plan to spend Christmas with?
Who do you think came to see me yesterday?
Who do you think is familiar with this matter?
Who do you think is the best coach in the NFL?
Who do you think will win this year's Super Bowl?
Who do you think would do such a thing?
Who do you think you are to speak to me that way?
Who do you think you're talking to here?
Who drives better, your father or your mother?
Who else do you want on your team?
Who is currently the richest person in the world?
Who is in charge of the office while the boss is away?
Who is it that you want to talk to?
Who is playing the piano in the living room?
Who is sitting at the other end of the table?
Who is the boy swimming in the river?
Who is the gentleman all dressed in black?
Who is the gentleman he is speaking to?
Who is the girl in the pink dress?
Who is the man sitting in the corner?
Who is the man that you were talking with?
Who is the tall guy with long dark hair playing the guitar?
Who is the woman whose picture is on your desk?
Who is to say that what we did is wrong?
Who knows more about you than your own mother?
Who knows what he'll accomplish if given the chance?
Who knows what you'll find up in the attic?
Who knows, maybe Christmas in Boston won't be so bad after all.
Who makes the best cakes in the city?
Who sings the best of all the boys in your class?
Who takes care of your children while you're at work?
Who taught you how to drive a car?
Who told Tom he had to do that?
Who told Tom that he had to do that?
Who told you that I should do that?
Who told you that Tom and I are dating?
Who told you that we should do that?
Who told you that we wanted to do that?
Who told you that you needed to do that?
Who told you to say that to me?
Who told you to write with your left hand?
Who told you we wanted to do that?
Who told you you had to do that?
Who told you you needed to do that?
Who wants to be cooped up indoors on a nice day like this?
Who was it that bought this skirt yesterday?
Who was it that bought those pictures yesterday?
Who was it that broke the window yesterday?
Who was it who wrote these two letters?
Who was taking care of Tom when this happened?
Who was that woman I saw you with?
Who was that you were just talking to?
Who was the first person to break the four-minute mile?
Who was the girl you were talking to?
Who was the girl you were with the other day?
Who was the last to reach the goal?
Who was the man you were talking to?
Who was the woman you were talking to?
Who was the woman you were with the other day?
Who was your favorite teacher when you were in high school?
Who will reap the benefits from lower oil prices?
Who will wield the power after the election?
Who will you give Christmas presents to this year?
Who would be so stupid as to do that?
Who would have thought that she could be so thin and small?
Who would look after my children if I died?
Who would want to live in a place like this?
Who wouldn't love to find one of these under the tree on Christmas morning?
Whoever gets home first starts cooking the supper.
Whoever is at the door, please ask him to wait.
Whoever leaves the office last should turn off the light.
Whoever thought of this stupid plan should be fired.
Who'll look after your cat while you are away?
Who'll take care of the dog while we're gone?
Who's calling us at this time of night?
Who's going to drive me to the airport?
Who's playing the piano in the living room?
Who's that cute girl I saw you with at the mall?
Who's that cute guy I saw you with yesterday?
Who's the girl I saw you talking with?
Who's the gorgeous girl I saw wandering around in the mall with you?
Who's the man sitting at the other end of the table?
Who's the person sitting at the other end of the table?
Who's the person who was just speaking to you?
Who's to say it's not what's supposed to happen?
Whose idea was it to pitch the tent here?
Whose turn is it to deal the cards?
Whose turn is it to make dinner tonight?
Whose turn is it to make the coffee?
Whose turn is it to wash the dishes?
Why am I always the one who has to suffer?
Why are dogs easier to train than cats?
Why are there no taxis at the station today?
Why are there so many dishonest people in the world?
Why are there still wars in the world?
Why are we running? We're not in a hurry.
Why are you acting like you don't know me?
Why are you asking me all these questions?
Why are you being so kind to me?
Why are you being so mean to me?
Why are you blaming me for what happened?
Why are you crying? It's just a movie!
Why are you crying? It's just a movie.
Why are you doing all this for us?
Why are you in such a bad mood today?
Why are you in such a bad mood?
Why are you in such a good mood?
Why are you looking at me like that?
Why are you looking at me that way?
Why are you making such a big deal about it?
Why are you picking a fight with me?
Why are you pretending you don't know me?
Why are you sitting alone in the dark?
Why are you so bent out of shape?
Why are you so busy all the time?
Why are you so good at explaining things?
Why are you so hesitant to do that?
Why are you so interested in what Tom thinks?
Why are you so keen on doing that?
Why are you so scared to talk to him?
Why are you sorry for something you haven't done?
Why are you staring at me like that?
Why are you still up? You should get to bed.
Why are you telling me all of this?
Why are you treating me like a kid?
Why are you trying to make me laugh?
Why are you trying to run away from me?
Why are you up at this time of night?
Why are you wearing a pink T-shirt, Tom?
Why are you worrying about something that doesn't matter so much?
Why aren't you already on board the ship?
Why ask me? Wouldn't it be better to do it yourself?
Why can't we be privy to that information?
Why can't you be more like your brother?
Why can't you take things just as they are?
Why couldn't I be the one to help you?
Why did no one tell me about it?
Why did Tom want to talk to Mary?
Why did you agree to spend the evening with Tom?
Why did you all gang up on me?
Why did you ask Tom to do that when you knew he couldn't do it?
Why did you buy such an expensive dictionary?
Why did you decide drop out of school?
Why did you decide to buy this house?
Why did you do such a stupid thing?
Why did you get up so early today?
Why did you give up the idea of learning French?
Why did you go over my head on this?
Why did you have to embarrass me in front of the others?
Why did you have to go snooping around?
Why did you have your dog put to sleep?
Why did you invite Tom to the party?
Why did you lend money to someone like her?
Why did you lend money to someone like him?
Why did you let me sleep so late?
Why did you let me sleep so long?
Why did you put off the printing of my book?
Why did you say such a stupid thing?
Why did you tear the cloth instead of cutting it with scissors?
Why did you turn that job offer down?
Why did you use up all the money?
Why did you wait so long to kiss me?
Why did you wait so long to tell me?
Why did you want to come back here?
Why did you want to speak to me?
Why did you want to speak with us?
Why didn't the band play the song you requested?
Why didn't Tom tell us what to do?
Why didn't you come to ask me earlier?
Why didn't you get one before we left?
Why didn't you guys tell me you didn't want to go camping?
Why didn't you show up at the party last night?
Why didn't you talk to me about it?
Why didn't you tell me about that earlier?
Why didn't you tell me about this before?
Why didn't you tell me about this sooner?
Why didn't you tell me that last night?
Why didn't you tell me that Tom was here?
Why didn't you tell me that you didn't know what to do?
Why didn't you tell me that you wanted to go camping?
Why didn't you tell me that you were allergic to peanuts?
Why didn't you tell me you couldn't swim?
Why didn't you tell me you were allergic to peanuts?
Why didn't you tell me you were sick?
Why didn't you tell this to the police?
Why didn't you tell us that there was a witness?
Why didn't you tell us that we needed to do that?
Why didn't you tell us that yesterday was your birthday?
Why didn't you tell us there was a witness?
Why didn't you tell us we needed to do that?
Why didn't you try the dress on before you bought it?
Why didn't you try to get your money back?
Why do all the cool things happen to you?
Why do girls I don't like like me?
Why do I get the feeling I'm not going to like this?
Why do I get the feeling you don't like Tom very much?
Why do I have to do this alone?
Why do I have to do this by myself?
Why do I have to give this to you?
Why do I have to go to my room?
Why do I have to go to school?
Why do I have to know this stuff?
Why do I have to sing with Tom?
Why do so many people suffer from low self-esteem?
Why do the five yen coin and the fifty yen coin have holes in the center?
Why do these things always happen to you?
Why do they call New York the Big Apple?
Why do they want to talk to me?
Why do Tom and Mary fight so much?
Why do we have to decide this today?
Why do we have to do this again?
Why do we have to do this right now?
Why do we have to take it away?
Why do we learn so much useless stuff in school?
Why do we need to keep it secret?
Why do we need to learn this stuff anyway?
Why do you all want to learn French?
Why do you always have to be so cruel?
Why do you always have to get involved?
Why do you always leave the door open?
Why do you always seem to want to argue?
Why do you always want to do things the hard way?
Why do you attach importance to this incident?
Why do you blame me for what happened?
Why do you buy things made in sweatshops?
Why do you close your eyes when you kiss me?
Why do you dislike his way of speaking?
Why do you hang out with those losers?
Why do you have such a negative approach to life?
Why do you have to be like that?
Why do you have to be so snotty?
Why do you have your umbrella up? It's not raining.
Why do you interrupt me all the time?
Why do you know so much about Australia?
Why do you laugh so hard at his jokes? They're not even funny.
Why do you let people treat you like that?
Why do you let Tom to do this to you?
Why do you need to read such a book?
Why do you really want to lose weight?
Why do you say one thing, and then go and do another?
Why do you spend so much time watching TV?
Why do you suspect it was Tom who did that?
Why do you suspect that it was Tom who did that?
Why do you think soccer isn't popular in the US?
Why do you want me to wait in here?
Why do you want such an old car?
Why do you want to be a doctor?
Why do you want to be a nurse?
Why do you want to be alone all the time?
Why do you want to become a lawyer?
Why do you want to become a nurse?
Why do you want to buy that for Tom?
Why do you want to do that anyway?
Why do you want to dress like that?
Why do you want to go out with me?
Why do you want to go to Boston?
Why do you want to join the navy?
Why do you want to know what I'm thinking?
Why do you want to know what we're thinking about?
Why do you want to learn a foreign language?
Why do you want to live in Australia?
Why do you want to work for our company?
Why does it take them so long to set up my internet connection?
Why does it take you so long to make your bed?
Why does the Mona Lisa not have eyebrows?
Why does the US government let people have guns?
Why does Tom have to do that today?
Why does Tom not want to do that?
Why does Tom want to be a doctor?
Why does Tom want to go with us?
Why does Tom want us to do this?
Why doesn't Tom want to go with us?
Why don't they just come and get us?
Why don't we drive out to the country for a change of pace?
Why don't we drop by to see her?
Why don't we eat something before we go?
Why don't we get our things and leave?
Why don't we go ahead and start the meeting?
Why don't we go and see a movie?
Why don't we go get something to eat?
Why don't we go out and get drunk?
Why don't we go out somewhere and have fun?
Why don't we go to the park or something?
Why don't we just call it a day?
Why don't we just sit here and talk?
Why don't we order another round of drinks?
Why don't we play another game of chess?
Why don't we set up a meeting for Monday?
Why don't we settle the matter once and for all?
Why don't we take him a bottle of wine?
Why don't we take some time to think about it?
Why don't we talk about this over dinner?
Why don't we think about this for another week or so?
Why don't you and I continue this discussion in private?
Why don't you ask for a day off?
Why don't you ask me what you really want to know?
Why don't you ask the librarian for help?
Why don't you ask when you have a problem?
Why don't you buy a violin for Tom?
Why don't you come in and we'll talk about it over a cup of coffee?
Why don't you come over and eat with us this evening?
Why don't you come to the movies with me?
Why don't you do us all a favor and go back to wherever you came from?
Why don't you give me what I want?
Why don't you give us a moment to talk?
Why don't you go to school with us?
Why don't you go to your room and play?
Why don't you hang around a while after everyone else leaves so we can talk?
Why don't you just admit that you were wrong?
Why don't you just ask your parents for money?
Why don't you just buy a new one?
Why don't you just start at the beginning?
Why don't you just study a little harder?
Why don't you let me take a look?
Why don't you let us go with you?
Why don't you lie down for a while?
Why don't you meet me out front in a few minutes?
Why don't you pick on someone your own size?
Why don't you put your clothes back on?
Why don't you ride your bicycle to work?
Why don't you sit and have a drink with me?
Why don't you sit down for a moment?
Why don't you sit here next to me?
Why don't you sit right there on the couch?
Why don't you slow down a little bit?
Why don't you start by telling us how you feel?
Why don't you start by telling us what you saw?
Why don't you start by telling us where you went?
Why don't you start by telling us who went with you?
Why don't you stay and drink some wine with us?
Why don't you stay with me for a few days?
Why don't you stick around for a few minutes?
Why don't you stop worrying and get some sleep?
Why don't you take a long walk off a short pier?
Why don't you take a look at this data?
Why don't you take the rest of the day off?
Why don't you tell me how you think it happened?
Why don't you tell me something I don't know?
Why don't you tell me the way you think it happened?
Why don't you tell me what happened last night?
Why don't you tell me what this is all about?
Why don't you tell me what to do?
Why don't you tell me what you remember?
Why don't you tell me what you want for Christmas?
Why don't you tell me what you want to hear?
Why don't you tell me why you think it happened?
Why don't you tell Tom what you want for Christmas?
Why don't you try and get some sleep?
Why don't you want me to help you?
Why don't you want to come with us?
Why don't you want to eat with us?
Why don't you want to go to the party?
Why don't you want to wear a dress?
Why don't you want to wear a tie?
Why have the apes evolved more than other animals?
Why haven't you eaten the food I cooked?
Why haven't you eaten the food that I cooked?
Why in the world are you doing that at this time of night?
Why in the world would I want to be a teacher?
Why is everyone acting like this is such a big deal?
Why is he being so nice to me?
Why is it so difficult to master French?
Why is it so hard for you to be nice to your little brother?
Why is it so quiet all of a sudden?
Why is it that she looks so sad?
Why is it that you hate Tom so much?
Why is Mary going with him to the picnic?
Why is my sister so mean to me?
Why is there no food in my refrigerator?
Why is there so much violence in the world?
Why is this knife not in the drawer?
Why is this website taking so long to load?
Why is Tom scared to talk to Mary?
Why isn't there any money in my wallet?
Why isn't there any wine left in the bottle? Did you kids drink it?
Why not talk to her about it directly?
Why not try some of that white wine?
Why on earth did you take him to the station?
Why on earth do you want to know that?
Why pay when you can get it for free?
Why should I tell the truth if you won't?
Why should we bother trying to fix it?
Why was I the only one asking questions?
Why was I turned down for the job?
Why would anyone hide something like that inside this cave?
Why would anyone want to swim in this river?
Why would I want to do something like that?
Why would I want to go there alone?
Why would she go out of her way to help a deadbeat like you?
Why would you do that without telling us?
Why would you ever want to do a job like that?
Why would you want to be a teacher?
Why would you want to do a thing like that?
Why would you want to do something like that?
Why would you want to share this type of information with people you hardly know?
Why wouldn't you let me go to Tom's party?
Why wouldn't you let me tell you what happened?
Why's everybody acting like this is such a big deal?
Wild boars have eaten all of our potatoes.
Will he be able to catch the train?
Will he come to the meeting next week?
Will I get to the station if I take this road?
Will I have the pleasure of seeing you again?
Will it be necessary for us to buy a book for this class?
Will it disturb you if I turn on the TV?
Will she forgive him for forgetting her birthday?
Will that be for here or to go?
Will the government raise the consumption tax soon?
Will there be any food at the party?
Will they elect him for four more years?
Will we be in time for the beginning of the party?
Will we be in time for the concert?
Will you be eating here or is this to go?
Will you be taking a holiday this year?
Will you come back here again next week?
Will you come with me to the concert?
Will you do me the honor of dining with me?
Will you entertain the guests while I get dressed?
Will you exchange this sweater for a larger one?
Will you give any discount if I pay in cash?
Will you give me a ride to my hotel?
Will you go on foot or by bus?
Will you go to the dance with me?
Will you go to the movies with me?
Will you have a Christmas party at your home?
Will you have a little time this weekend to help me with my French?
Will you help me look for my purse?
Will you help me with my English homework?
Will you help me with my French homework?
Will you keep my valuables for me, please?
Will you let me know when he comes?
Will you let me use your telephone, please?
Will you listen to me for a few minutes?
Will you pick me up at seven tomorrow morning?
Will you please explain the meaning of this sentence to me?
Will you please put the baby to bed?
Will you put down that paper and listen to me?
Will you put the dishes away in the cupboard?
Will you show me the way to the bank?
Will you show me what you bought yesterday?
Will you still be here when I get back?
Will you still love me when I'm old?
Will you take care of my dog while I'm away?
Will you teach me how to play chess?
Will you tell him about it when he comes home?
Will you tell me how long you have loved him?
Will you tell me how to get to your house?
Will you tell me why you like her?
Will you wait for us at the station?
Willingness to correct is an indication of wisdom.
Wimbledon has eighteen grass courts, including the Center Court.
Wind is a cheap and clean source of energy.
Winning a lottery is an easy way of making money.
With a bicycle, I could reach your house in 20 minutes.
With a little more effort, he would have succeeded.
With a little more patience, you could succeed.
With all your money, you should be able to buy just about anything you want.
With Christmas just around the corner, I should do some shopping.
With her heart pounding, she opened the door.
With his new job, he's taken on more responsibility.
With more education, he would have found a better job.
With the abolition of African slavery in 1863, workers were brought in from India and Java.
With the approach of Christmas, business improved somewhat.
With the bridge destroyed, there was nothing to do but swim.
With the coming of spring, everything is gradually coming to life again.
With the way my luck has been running, it'll probably rain tomorrow.
With the weather getting worse, the departure was put off.
With the wig on, he looked like a woman.
With whom do I have the honor of speaking?
With your approval, I would like to offer him the job.
With your experience, any company would hire you right away.
Within the last six months, have you experienced a significant loss?
Within the last two weeks, have you had close contact with anyone with flu-like symptoms?
Without a dictionary, it would be hard to study English.
Without a good education, how can you succeed?
Without a moment's hesitation, they took drastic action against the conspiracy.
Without a passport, leaving a country is out of the question.
Without further ado, let me introduce tonight's guest.
Without hesitation, he told his wife the truth.
Without me, you won't be able to do it.
Without music, the world would be a boring place.
Without your encouragement, I would've given up this plan.
Without your help, I couldn't have finished the work.
Without your help, I don't have a chance.
Without your help, I don't stand a chance.
Without your help, we wouldn't be able to carry out our plan.
Without your help, we wouldn't have finished in time.
Women are meant to be loved, not to be understood.
Women don't usually want to talk with me.
Women eat lighter meals when they're eating with a guy.
Women feel that men are often very complicated.
Women in that country are fighting for their freedom.
Women like men who make them feel special.
Women seem to like him for some reason.
Women who seek to be equal with men lack ambition.
Won't you come and see me this weekend?
Won't you come to my house next Sunday?
Words cannot express the extent to which you are wrong.
Workaholics view holidays as a waste of time.
Workers at the company went on a strike.
World War One had ended just 15 years earlier.
Worrying is like paying a debt you don't owe.
Would I only work on weekends if I could? Of course, I would.
Would it be all right if I visited you today?
Would it be ethical to sacrifice one person to save many?
Would it be OK if I asked you a personal question?
Would it be OK if I discussed it with my family?
Would it be OK if I discussed it with my wife?
Would it be OK if I drank a little more tea?
Would it be OK if I sat here?
Would it be OK if I took a vacation next week?
Would it be OK if I turned off the lights?
Would it be OK if I turned the lights off?
Would it be possible for me to get something to drink?
Would it have been better if Tom hadn't been there?
Would someone please wake me up at 2:30?
Would the last one out please close the door?
Would you all like another cup of tea?
Would you be fired if you did that?
Would you be interested in coming with us?
Would you be interested in having dinner with me?
Would you be kind enough to explain it to me?
Would you be so kind as to answer a few questions?
Would you be so kind as to give me your phone number?
Would you be so kind as to lend me your book?
Would you be so kind as to open the door for me?
Would you be so kind as to shut that window?
Would you be willing to help me clean the garage?
Would you be willing to send me a sample free of charge?
Would you be willing to share your code with me?
Would you be willing to show me how to do that?
Would you be willing to write a letter for me?
Would you bring me a glass of red wine, please?
Would you buy one if it were a little cheaper?
Would you care to come and see me on Saturday?
Would you carry this down to the second floor for me?
Would you carry this up to the second floor for me?
Would you consider giving me a small loan?
Would you consider taking care of my children next Saturday?
Would you describe yourself as a happy person?
Would you do that if you had the chance?
Would you ever go out with a guy who couldn't sing?
Would you get me a glass of water?
Would you happen to know what this is?
Would you happen to know why Tom was late?
Would you have asked me this question if I had been a man?
Would you have time to fix this flat tire now?
Would you have time to help me with something?
Would you kindly make room for this old woman?
Would you let me think about it for a while?
Would you like a glass of orange juice with your breakfast?
Would you like a glass of red wine?
Would you like a plastic bag or a paper bag?
Would you like another glass of ice tea?
Would you like for me to do that for you?
Would you like for me to make you something to eat?
Would you like me to call a taxi?
Would you like me to call you a cab?
Would you like me to do something about it?
Would you like me to do that for you?
Would you like me to drive you back to your hotel?
Would you like me to get you something to eat?
Would you like me to go there with you?
Would you like me to massage your shoulders?
Would you like me to open the window?
Would you like me to repeat the question?
Would you like me to show you how to do that?
Would you like me to take a look?
Would you like me to take care of it?
Would you like me to take you home?
Would you like me to teach you how to play chess?
Would you like me to tell the truth?
Would you like me to translate it for you?
Would you like me to turn the TV off?
Would you like some sugar in your tea?
Would you like to add anything to what I've said?
Would you like to ask anybody else a question?
Would you like to ask anyone else a question?
Would you like to be a pop star?
Would you like to be tested for HIV?
Would you like to come inside for a minute?
Would you like to come over for dinner after work on Monday?
Would you like to come over for dinner?
Would you like to come over to my place?
Would you like to come shopping with me?
Would you like to come to my party?
Would you like to eat lunch with me?
Would you like to get something to eat? It's on me.
Would you like to get together again next weekend?
Would you like to give it a try?
Would you like to go camping with us next weekend?
Would you like to go fishing next weekend?
Would you like to go fishing with me this weekend?
Would you like to go for a walk?
Would you like to go have a drink after work?
Would you like to go have a drink?
Would you like to go hiking with us?
Would you like to go on a trip together?
Would you like to go out for a drink after work?
Would you like to go out for lunch?
Would you like to go see a movie with me?
Would you like to go shopping with me?
Would you like to go somewhere and talk?
Would you like to go swimming with us?
Would you like to go to a movie tomorrow night?
Would you like to go to a movie tonight?
Would you like to go to a soccer game?
Would you like to go to the aquarium with me?
Would you like to go to the lake with us?
Would you like to go to the movies with me?
Would you like to go to the theater this evening?
Would you like to go to the zoo this afternoon?
Would you like to go to the zoo with me?
Would you like to hang out with us?
Would you like to have a cup of coffee?
Would you like to have a cup of tea?
Would you like to have a drink before dinner?
Would you like to have dinner at my place tonight?
Would you like to have dinner with me?
Would you like to have dinner with us tonight?
Would you like to have lunch with me?
Would you like to have tea with us this afternoon?
Would you like to hear me sing a song?
Would you like to hear my new song?
Would you like to hear the parrot talk?
Would you like to join us for dinner?
Would you like to know how I did that?
Would you like to know who did that?
Would you like to learn to speak English like a native speaker in two weeks?
Would you like to leave a message for him?
Would you like to play soccer with us?
Would you like to play tennis every Sunday?
Would you like to see my new car?
Would you like to see your husband grow a beard?
Would you like to sit at the counter?
Would you like to sleep a little longer?
Would you like to speak with a mental health provider?
Would you like to take a walk with me?
Would you like to take part in the festival?
Would you like to take part in this risky experiment?
Would you like to talk about what just happened?
Would you like to talk to a lawyer?
Would you like to talk to the manager?
Would you like to tell me something else?
Would you like to travel to the United States?
Would you like to visit the White House someday?
Would you like to wait in the bar?
Would you look after my children while I am away on vacation?
Would you mail this letter for me on your way to school?
Would you mind blowing these balloons up for me?
Would you mind carrying it up the stairs for me?
Would you mind closing the door behind you?
Would you mind giving me a little help with some problems I'm having?
Would you mind helping me carry this suitcase?
Would you mind if I ask you a personal question?
Would you mind if I ate a piece of this pie?
Would you mind if I changed seats now?
Would you mind if I drank the rest of the milk?
Would you mind if I have a look?
Would you mind if I poured myself a cup of coffee?
Would you mind if I record this conversation?
Would you mind if I swam in your pool?
Would you mind if I took a break?
Would you mind if I took a picture?
Would you mind if I watched TV for a while?
Would you mind if I went home early?
Would you mind if we asked you a few questions?
Would you mind if we put this off until tomorrow?
Would you mind leaving us alone for a few minutes?
Would you mind leaving? I'd like to dress.
Would you mind letting me see your passport?
Would you mind not talking about your surgery now? I'm trying to eat.
Would you mind putting a link on your web page to our company's web site?
Would you mind sending this letter for me?
Would you mind taking a picture of us?
Would you mind telling me what you're doing in my apartment?
Would you mind telling me where you got this?
Would you mind telling me why you're here?
Would you mind writing it down on this piece of paper?
Would you please allow me to treat you to dinner next week?
Would you please explain the rules to me?
Would you please give our compliments to the chef?
Would you please not leave the door open?
Would you please send me a catalogue by mail?
Would you please send me details of your products via e-mail as an attachment?
Would you please show me your photo album?
Would you please speak a little bit more slowly?
Would you please stop pacing around like that and just sit down for a second?
Would you please tell this gentleman who I am?
Would you please turn on the air conditioner?
Would you please wait for a few minutes?
Would you prefer a window or an aisle seat?
Would you prefer to be examined by a female nurse?
Would you prefer to be examined by a male nurse?
Would you rather eat a mouse or a tarantula?
Would you show us some samples of your work?
Would you sing us a song in English?
Would you tell me when to get off?
Would you tell me where his house is?
Would you tell me why you have refused their offer?
Wouldn't it be a better idea to cancel everything?
Wouldn't it be great if a gender-neutral pronoun for "he" or "she" existed in English?
Wouldn't you like to get some fresh air?
Wouldn't you rather spend your time doing something you enjoy?
Wring those clothes well before you hang them up.
Write down the facts needed to convince other people.
Write down the medications you need on this piece of paper.
Write down the medicine you need on this piece of paper.
Write with a pen, not with a pencil.
Write your name on this piece of paper.
Writing is easy. All you have to do is cross out the wrong words.
Written by hand, the letter was not very easy to read.
Written in easy English, this book is suitable for beginners.
Written in technical terms, this book is very difficult to understand.
Years of farm work have hardened his body.
Years of running in marathons have taken a toll on my knees.
Yes, I'm the person who called you last night.
Yes, it's true, but he doesn't need to know that.
Yesterday I didn't do that because I had a headache.
Yesterday I happened to run into Tom on the street.
Yesterday I listened to a very beautiful song.
Yesterday I played tennis for the first time.
Yesterday I stumbled across a copy of my father's family register.
Yesterday I went for a walk in the park.
Yesterday it was so cold that I stayed home.
Yesterday it was so cold that I stayed in the house.
Yesterday my bicycle was stolen while I was doing some shopping.
Yesterday night, I shared a cab with Paris Hilton.
Yesterday the unveiling of the founder's statue and the opening of the school building took place.
Yesterday Tom was a little better than usual.
Yesterday was very cold so I wore a hat.
Yesterday, as I was walking along the street, I saw an accident.
Yesterday, I ran into my teacher at the amusement park.
Yesterday, Mary cleaned the house and washed clothes.
Yesterday, Tom was a little better than usual.
Yesterday, Tom was in a bad mood all day.
You all know what you have to do.
You alone can do it, but you can't do it alone.
You already know how to do that, don't you?
You already know what to do, don't you?
You already know who I'm talking about, don't you?
You always have to have the last word, don't you?
You always have to have the last word.
You always said you wanted to become a scientist. Why didn't you?
You always tell me to think for myself.
You and I are good friends, but we have little in common.
You and I both know that that isn't going to happen.
You and I both know that that's not going to happen.
You and I both know that's not going to happen.
You and I have to have a little talk.
You and Tom are made to be together.
You and Tom used to be friends. What happened?
You and Tom will have a lot to talk about.
You are even more beautiful than I remember.
You are fortunate to have such loving parents.
You are free to do as you please with your money.
You are free to leave any time you wish.
You are going to have to pay for it.
You are mad to go out in the snow without a coat.
You are no better at remembering things than I am.
You are not able to swim, are you?
You are not allowed here. This is private property.
You are not allowed to turn left on this street.
You are not supposed to play baseball here.
You are not supposed to smoke at school.
You are old enough to know better than to act like that.
You are old enough to make your own living.
You are responsible for what you have done.
You are tall, but he is still taller.
You are the kind of guitarist I like to sing with.
You are the last person I expected to see here.
You are the last person I would have expected to see here.
You are the last person that I expected to meet.
You are the last person that I expected to see here.
You are the one that I was looking for.
You are the only one who can help me.
You are under no obligation to divulge that information.
You are under no obligation whatsoever to share this information.
You are very fortunate that you have such friends.
You are very kind to show me the way.
You are working too hard. Take it easy for a while.
You are, hands down, the biggest idiot I've ever met.
You are, so to speak, a fish out of water.
You aren't allowed to go into that room.
You aren't asking me to give up, are you?
You aren't expecting me to help you, are you?
You aren't going to call my parents, are you?
You aren't going to do it, are you?
You aren't going to get away with this.
You aren't going to give up, are you?
You aren't going to tell my parents, are you?
You aren't going to tell on me, are you?
You aren't going to tell Tom, are you?
You aren't going to the party dressed like that, are you?
You aren't likely to find that word in a dictionary that's this small.
You aren't much of a talker, are you?
You aren't permitted to bring dogs into this building.
You aren't really going to do that, are you?
You aren't really going to join the army, are you?
You aren't really going to kill Tom, are you?
You aren't really planning to kill Tom, are you?
You aren't supposed to do that, are you?
You aren't the easiest person to live with.
You aren't the only one who doesn't believe Tom.
You aren't trying to trick me, are you?
You ask a lot of questions, don't you?
You attach too much importance to what he says.
You bought the food, so if I buy the wine that will even things up.
You boys ought to be ashamed of yourselves.
You broke your arm when you were a teenager, didn't you?
You burnt a hole in my coat with your cigarette.
You can adjust the color on the TV by turning this knob.
You can adjust the seat height by moving the adjustment lever up.
You can adjust this desk to the height of any child.
You can also ride on an old, restored, steam train.
You can always count on him in any emergency.
You can always tell what any individual wants most by what he does.
You can avoid stomach ailments by drinking purified water and always washing your hands before eating.
You can be a bit of an airhead.
You can be both kind and firm. One does not preclude the other.
You can be pretty helpful when you want to be.
You can be sure that the money you give them will be put to good use.
You can believe what you want to about me, but that doesn't mean it's true.
You can borrow a copy from any public library.
You can borrow three books at a time.
You can buy stamps at any post office.
You can buy whichever you like, but not both.
You can call me at any time you like.
You can call me this afternoon if you want.
You can cash your check at this window.
You can catch more flies with honey than with vinegar.
You can come and see me whenever it's convenient for you.
You can come to visit us anytime you want.
You can crash on the sofa if you're tired.
You can do anything you want, depending on what floats your boat.
You can do it any way you like.
You can do it if you put your mind to it.
You can do whatever you want to do, of course.
You can do whatever you want to do.
You can do whatever you want to, of course.
You can do whatever you want with it.
You can download audio files by native speakers from our website.
You can easily judge the ripeness of a banana by the color of its peel.
You can eat as much as you want.
You can eat lunch here in this room.
You can expect to receive a little something from us soon.
You can find her phone number in the directory.
You can get a car license after you turn eighteen.
You can get a loan from a bank.
You can get a lot of bang for your buck at this store.
You can get rid of the cold if you take this medicine.
You can get there by train or by bus.
You can give Tom all of it, if you want to.
You can go or stay, as you wish.
You can go out and play as long as you stay in the yard.
You can go out on condition that you come home by seven.
You can go out, as long as you promise to be back by 11 o'clock.
You can go there, but you'll need to be careful the whole time.
You can go to the station by bus.
You can go wherever you want to go.
You can hang out with us if you want.
You can have a ride on my motorcycle.
You can have breakfast between 7 and 9.
You can have either of these, but not both.
You can have someone do it for you.
You can have the rest of the pie.
You can hear the news on the radio at nine o'clock.
You can indulge yourself without spending a fortune.
You can just leave if you want to.
You can keep it if you want to.
You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make him drink.
You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make it drink.
You can lie to everyone else, but you can't lie to yourself.
You can listen to audio files by native speakers on our website.
You can make 4, 6 or 12 payments.
You can make your dream come true by working hard.
You can never be happy if you feel envious of other people.
You can never tell how long these meetings will last.
You can park on either side of the street.
You can pick out any book you like.
You can pick up a lot of words by reading.
You can play outside if you want to.
You can pour the wine into the glass.
You can probably buy one of these cheaper elsewhere.
You can rent a boat by the hour.
You can save your breath. There is no use talking to him.
You can see from his chin that takes after his father.
You can see how much difference a few degrees can make.
You can see it with the naked eye.
You can see many animals in this forest.
You can see that the architect paid scrupulous attention to detail.
You can see the ancient ruins in the distance.
You can see the colors of the spectrum in a rainbow.
You can see the whole city from this hill.
You can see the whole park from the restaurant.
You can sell them if you don't want them.
You can set the white of an egg by boiling it.
You can sit here if you want to.
You can sleep here for a while if you want to.
You can sleep here tonight if you want.
You can spend the night at our place.
You can stand up if you want to.
You can stay as long as you like.
You can stay here all night if you want.
You can stay here as long as you don't make any noise.
You can stay here as long as you keep quiet.
You can stay here as long as you like.
You can stay here as long as you want to.
You can stay here as long as you want.
You can stay here for a while if you want to.
You can stay here if you want to.
You can stay in the extra bedroom if you want.
You can stay with us for the night.
You can stay with us for the time being.
You can still go if you want to.
You can swim much better than Tom can.
You can take a horse to water, but you can't make him drink.
You can take part in the meeting regardless of your age.
You can talk until you're blue in the face, but you'll never convince me.
You can tell a lot about someone by the company they keep.
You can tell what a person is like by looking at his friends.
You can trust him to keep his word.
You can use a dictionary for this exam.
You can use margarine as a substitute for butter.
You can use my car if you drive carefully.
You can use my computer if you want.
You can use my desk if you want to.
You can use this pen for the time being.
You can watch TV after you've done your homework.
You can win all the battles yet lose the war.
You cannot achieve the impossible without attempting the absurd.
You cannot purchase this medicine without a prescription.
You cannot separate the milk from the coffee once you put it in.
You cannot take back what you have said.
You can't accomplish anything without taking a risk.
You can't accuse him of stealing unless you have proof.
You can't achieve the impossible without attempting the absurd.
You can't apply this rule to every case.
You can't appreciate the poem until you've read it many times.
You can't be forced to testify against your husband.
You can't be hungry. You've just had dinner.
You can't be in two places at once.
You can't be too careful in situations like this.
You can't be too careful when you drive a car.
You can't beat me, Tom. I've been playing tennis since I was a kid.
You can't believe anything Tom says about me.
You can't blame her for not knowing what she hasn't been taught.
You can't bury your head in the sand.
You can't buy anything if you have no money.
You can't buy anything interesting in this store.
You can't buy this medicine without a prescription.
You can't change people. They have to change themselves.
You can't do both at the same time.
You can't drink seawater because it's too salty.
You can't eat chicken? How do you know if you never try it?
You can't enter the building without a permit.
You can't even look me in the eye.
You can't expect Tom to get well overnight.
You can't fight a good fight with such a defeatist attitude.
You can't fix it in the amount of time you have left.
You can't fix it. You should buy a new one.
You can't fool me with a trick like that.
You can't force me to do anything I don't want to do.
You can't get a job here without a work permit.
You can't go against the laws of nature.
You can't have a rainbow without a little rain.
You can't have left it at the airport.
You can't help Tom tomorrow because you have to work all day.
You can't hurt me any more than you already have.
You can't imagine what my life's been like since you've left.
You can't judge a book by its cover.
You can't just barge in here whenever you feel like it.
You can't just come here without an appointment.
You can't just come in here and start ordering people around.
You can't just keep throwing your money away on this kind of thing.
You can't just leave me here to die.
You can't just leave us here with no food and water.
You can't just leave your car parked in front of the fire hydrant.
You can't just lounge around like that while everybody else is so busy.
You can't just make everyone do what you want them to.
You can't just make up the rules as you go along.
You can't just not pay someone for work you hired them to do.
You can't just stand by and do nothing.
You can't just walk away from this mess.
You can't just walk in here and start dictating policy.
You can't keep something that big a secret.
You can't keep talking to me like this.
You can't keep treating me like a kid.
You can't kick Tom out of the club.
You can't kill yourself by holding your breath.
You can't learn a foreign language in just a couple of weeks.
You can't leave until you've said goodbye to Tom.
You can't live on love and fresh air alone.
You can't live your life under these conditions.
You can't make an omelette without breaking eggs.
You can't make me do anything I don't want to do.
You can't pay someone to sleep for you.
You can't pay too much for good shoes.
You can't play tennis on days when it's very windy.
You can't pull the wool over my eyes.
You can't put off doing that any longer.
You can't put toothpaste back in the tube.
You can't put two saddles on the same horse.
You can't really expect to get better at French if you don't study.
You can't rely on him these days to do a proper job.
You can't remember it and I'll never forget it.
You can't say anything till you know the circumstances.
You can't see the forest for the trees.
You can't separate the milk from the coffee once you put it in.
You can't sleep more than 24 hours a day.
You can't take pictures in the theater without permission.
You can't teach an old dog new tricks.
You can't turn the heat off as long as the system is operating.
You can't use this faucet. It's out of order.
You catch more flies with honey than with vinegar.
You catch more flies with honey than you do with vinegar.
You continue making the same mistakes time after time.
You cooked the steak just the way I like it.
You could at least give me a hint.
You could at least pretend to be interested in what I'm talking about.
You could be a little nicer to your brother.
You could count to ten when you were two years old.
You could count to ten when you were two.
You could do a lot if you put your mind to it.
You could do it if you really wanted to.
You could do this if you put your mind to it.
You could feel the tension in the air.
You could go back to Boston if you wanted to.
You could hear a pin drop in the room.
You could learn a lot from them if you'd only listen.
You could pass for a teenager if you wore a T-shirt.
You could search the world over and never find another woman more beautiful than Mary.
You could sit on my lap if you want.
You could tell Tom and Mary didn't like each other.
You could've chosen an easier way to do that.
You could've saved me a lot of trouble if you'd told me about that earlier.
You did it in front of the staff.
You did that on your own, didn't you?
You did what the rest of us couldn't do.
You didn't come at four. That's why they went without you.
You didn't come into the office yesterday and I want to know why.
You didn't come to school yesterday, did you?
You didn't expect to find me here, did you?
You didn't have to come into the office today.
You didn't like to do that when you were a kid, did you?
You didn't need to get here so early.
You didn't need to hurry. You got here too early anyway.
You didn't see anyone come in, did you?
You didn't seem to enjoy the concert very much.
You didn't seem to understand what Tom was saying.
You didn't tell me that you were a doctor.
You didn't want me to starve, did you?
You disobeyed a direct order and must pay the consequences.
You do know that Tom is lying, don't you?
You do not want to incur the wrath of God.
You do that a lot better than I do.
You do your part and I'll do the rest.
You don't even know his name, do you?
You don't even know who that man was.
You don't expect me to face Tom alone, do you?
You don't fall in love with somebody because he's perfect.
You don't get up as early as your sister, do you?
You don't give up too easily, do you?
You don't have a lot to say, do you?
You don't have an alibi for the day of the murder.
You don't have any reason to be jealous.
You don't have enough time to eat now.
You don't have the qualifications to lead a group.
You don't have the right to do that.
You don't have to answer if you don't want to.
You don't have to be a genius to know who said that.
You don't have to be tall to play basketball.
You don't have to blame yourself for that.
You don't have to buy water, do you?
You don't have to come here every day.
You don't have to come to the meeting.
You don't have to come to the party.
You don't have to do that if you don't really want to.
You don't have to do that now, do you?
You don't have to do that right now.
You don't have to do this for me.
You don't have to do what Tom says.
You don't have to eat with Tom, but I wish you would.
You don't have to get up so early.
You don't have to go if you don't want to.
You don't have to go to school today.
You don't have to go to the party if you don't want to.
You don't have to go to the party unless you want to.
You don't have to go to today's meeting.
You don't have to go unless you want to.
You don't have to know all the details.
You don't have to make a decision now.
You don't have to make a different dish for every person.
You don't have to make up an excuse if you don't want to go with us.
You don't have to obey such a law.
You don't have to read the whole thing from beginning to end.
You don't have to say anything if you don't feel like it.
You don't have to say anything you don't want to say.
You don't have to say you love me.
You don't have to show those pictures to Tom if you don't want to.
You don't have to speak so loudly. I can hear you very clearly.
You don't have to stand out there in the rain. Come in.
You don't have to stay in the hospital.
You don't have to stay to the end.
You don't have to study at a school of fine arts to become an artist.
You don't have to take your umbrella with you.
You don't have to talk about it if you don't want to.
You don't have to tell me his name.
You don't have to tell me that twice.
You don't have to tell your life story.
You don't have to use a dictionary when you read this book.
You don't have to wait until the end.
You don't have what it takes to be a leader.
You don't kick a man when he's down.
You don't know how bad I want to leave.
You don't know how bad I want to see you.
You don't know how happy that makes me.
You don't know how much I love you.
You don't know how much I wanted to do that.
You don't know how much this means to me.
You don't know how to do it, do you?
You don't know me as well as you think you do.
You don't know Tom as well as I do.
You don't know Tom as well as you think you do.
You don't know what it is to be poor.
You don't know what it is, do you?
You don't know what it's like to lose all your family in a war.
You don't know what it's like to lose your entire family in a war.
You don't know what it's like to not have enough to eat.
You don't know what that means to me.
You don't know what this is, do you?
You don't know what this means to us.
You don't know what Tom is capable of.
You don't know what you're getting for Christmas, do you?
You don't know where it is, do you?
You don't know whether he has a girlfriend?
You don't know why Tom didn't come yesterday, do you?
You don't look like you're having any fun.
You don't look very happy to see me.
You don't look very much like your father.
You don't look very well. Are you sick?
You don't mind if I leave early, do you?
You don't need to be in such a hurry.
You don't need to come into the office tomorrow.
You don't need to do it right away.
You don't need to do that now, do you?
You don't need to do that right away.
You don't need to get a haircut this week.
You don't need to go to the dentist's.
You don't need to go unless you want to.
You don't need to hurry. Take your time.
You don't need to know all the details.
You don't need to prepare a formal speech.
You don't need to pretend to be interested.
You don't need to take your shoes off.
You don't need to tell me what to do. I already know.
You don't need to tell me your real name.
You don't need to thank me. I'm here to serve you.
You don't need to think about that now.
You don't need to worry about me anymore.
You don't need to worry about such a thing.
You don't need to worry about that kind of thing anymore.
You don't really care what I do, do you?
You don't really expect me to tell you, do you?
You don't really want this job, do you?
You don't really want to talk about this, do you?
You don't see something like this very often.
You don't seem to be as organized as Tom seems to be.
You don't seem to be having any fun.
You don't seem to realize how serious this is.
You don't seem to want to come with us.
You don't seem too happy to see me.
You don't take anything with you when you die.
You don't think I can do it, do you?
You don't understand how worried I was about you.
You don't understand what's going on, do you?
You don't want to be late for practice.
You don't want to get married either, right?
You don't want to get me in trouble, do you?
You don't want to go down this road.
You don't want to go to prison, do you?
You don't want to make me unhappy, do you?
You don't want to point that gun at me.
You don't want to see this, do you?
You don't want to tell me why, do you?
You drank a beer at lunch, didn't you?
You forgot to close the windows before you left the office last Friday.
You forgot to lock your office door yesterday when you left.
You forgot to tell me to buy bread.
You gave me this picture a long time ago.
You gave me your word that you would look after them.
You gave Tom the money he asked for, didn't you?
You get more and more beautiful every day.
You get out only what you put in.
You get paid in proportion to the amount of the work you do.
You got the date wrong when you were filling in the check.
You guys can do it if you try.
You had a beard the last time I saw you.
You had better ask him in advance how much it will cost.
You had better ask him which way to take.
You had better go to the dentist to have that tooth pulled out.
You had better make sure that he is at home before you call on him.
You had better not keep company with him.
You had better not start until they arrive.
You had better not tell your father about the accident.
You had better not use those four-letter words.
You had better not wander around here by yourself.
You had better read your teacher's comments on your compositions one more time.
You had better supplement your diet with vitamins.
You had better take this medicine if you want to get well.
You had better turn off the light before you go to sleep.
You had your chance and you blew it.
You have a big stain on your pullover.
You have a choice of black tea, coffee, or milk.
You have a good chance of being chosen.
You have a little fever today, don't you?
You have a lot of money, and I have none.
You have a lot of work to do.
You have a really good sense of direction.
You have a talent for saying the right thing at the right time.
You have a tendency to not pay attention.
You have a tendency to talk too fast.
You have a very logical way of thinking.
You have an email address that's easy to remember.
You have as much right as everyone else.
You have been a great mentor to me.
You have changed so much that I can hardly recognize you.
You have excellent vision. Why are you wearing glasses?
You have friends who can help you, don't you?
You have little to gain and much to lose.
You have no idea how distressed she was.
You have no idea how important you are to me.
You have no idea how much I love you.
You have no idea how much that means to me.
You have no idea how tired I am of all this complaining.
You have no idea what this is, do you?
You have no idea what true love is.
You have no idea what you're talking about.
You have no idea who that is, do you?
You have no legal right to seize my property.
You have no one but yourself to blame.
You have no one to blame but yourself.
You have no right to interfere in other people's affairs.
You have no right to oppose our plan.
You have no right to pass judgement on these people.
You have no right to tell me what to do.
You have only to ask for his help.
You have only to give him a little help.
You have only to sign your name here.
You have only to stand in front of the door. It will open by itself.
You have only to wait for her return.
You have only to watch what I do.
You have provided me with some very useful advice.
You have somebody you can talk to, don't you?
You have something in your pockets, don't you?
You have such a wonderful eye for detail.
You have tennis elbow. Soak your arm in warm water.
You have the advantage of a good education.
You have the freedom to travel wherever you like.
You have the right to consult an attorney before speaking to the police.
You have the right to free speech, but not the right to slander.
You have the same racket as I have.
You have to acquire real skills, not just superficial knowledge.
You have to allow for the boy's age.
You have to be careful when you're in the jungle.
You have to be here at 2:30 tomorrow afternoon.
You have to be home by nine o'clock.
You have to be over 18 to drive.
You have to begin as soon as possible.
You have to break an egg to make an omelet.
You have to change the lock on the door.
You have to change trains at the next station.
You have to do it, whether you like it or not.
You have to do that by the end of the week.
You have to do that whether you like it or not.
You have to do this whether you like it or not.
You have to do what you think's right.
You have to get him to help you.
You have to get this work finished by noon.
You have to give up sports for a while.
You have to go outside if you want to smoke.
You have to go the rest of the way without me.
You have to go there whether you like it or not.
You have to have a lot of stamina to be an Olympic athlete.
You have to have an audition before you can join the choir.
You have to judge the case without bias.
You have to leave your bag in the cloakroom.
You have to look out for other cars when you drive.
You have to make a careful choice of books.
You have to make the crease very straight.
You have to pay 10,000 yen extra on holidays.
You have to promise never to tell anyone what I'm about to tell you.
You have to promise not to tell anyone.
You have to put up with all this noise.
You have to read between the lines to know the true intention of the author.
You have to report to the police at once.
You have to see it to believe it.
You have to show me what to do.
You have to strike the iron while it's hot.
You have to study hard to catch up with your class.
You have to take off your shoes before you can come in.
You have to tell me what to do.
You have to trust me on this one.
You have to turn in the reports on Monday.
You have to wait for the next bus.
You have to wait on the other side of the road.
You have to wait on the other side of the street.
You have to wear a helmet to protect your head.
You have to work harder to make up for lost time.
You have too many books on the shelf.
You have too many books on those shelves.
You have too many irons in the fire.
You have until Monday to finish that report.
You have your whole life ahead of you.
You have your work cut out for you.
You haven't been a teacher very long, have you?
You haven't even asked me what I think.
You haven't given me what I asked for.
You haven't heard the half of it yet.
You haven't said anything to Tom, have you?
You haven't seen Tom this morning, have you?
You haven't told me why you asked me to come here.
You haven't washed your hands yet, have you?
You idiots are giving the school a bad name.
You just have to do as you're told.
You just have to promise me one thing.
You just made me miss the perfect shot when you hollered.
You just need to press this button to take a picture.
You just told me not to do that.
You keep on making the same mistake time after time.
You knew how to count to ten when you were two years old.
You knew this was going to happen, right?
You knew Tom wouldn't be able to do that, didn't you?
You knew what you were getting yourself into.
You know as well as I do that Tom isn't a very good singer.
You know as well as I do that Tom was the one who did that.
You know how hard this is for me.
You know how much I care for you.
You know I can't wait for you if you're late.
You know I have no choice, don't you?
You know it as well as I do.
You know that I can't wait for you if you're late.
You know that I don't have any money.
You know that I have no choice, don't you?
You know that I'm older than you are.
You know that you can talk to me.
You know that you can tell me anything, right?
You know this isn't the way we should be doing this.
You know very well what I'm talking about.
You know we don't need to do that.
You know what song I want to sing.
You know what they can do, don't you?
You know what you have to do now.
You know where to find me if you need anything.
You know you can tell me anything, right?
You know, I had a lot of fun.
You left the light on in the kitchen.
You look a little bit like your father.
You look a little green around the gills.
You look a little young to be a teacher.
You look a lot like someone I used to know.
You look as if you haven't eaten in days.
You look as if you're about to be sick.
You look as though you've seen a ghost.
You look like a little girl in that dress.
You look like somebody I went to high school with.
You look like you don't want to be here.
You look like you haven't eaten in days.
You look like you're about to throw up.
You look like you're up to no good.
You look like you've got ants in your pants.
You look like you've just lost your best friend.
You look pale. You'd better take a day off.
You look really pale. Are you all right?
You look thinner than you did the last time I saw you.
You look tired. You ought to rest for an hour or two.
You made that mistake on purpose, didn't you?
You made the same mistake as last time.
You may as well get used to it.
You may as well leave such a decision to your daughter.
You may as well tell me all about it.
You may as well tell me the truth.
You may be right, but we have a slightly different opinion.
You may bring your own lunch to school.
You may call him a fool, but you cannot call him a coward.
You may call on me whenever you like.
You may catch sight of our house from the train.
You may choose either of the two books.
You may come at any time tomorrow afternoon.
You may do whatever you want to do.
You may eat anything as long as you don't eat too much.
You may eat as much as you want to.
You may give the book to whoever wants it.
You may give this picture to whoever wants it.
You may injure yourself if you don't follow safety procedures.
You may never be able to walk again.
You may not be as lucky next time.
You may not believe it, but it is nonetheless true.
You may not remember me, but I remember you.
You may pay in advance for your order.
You may stay here as long as you keep quiet.
You may stay here as long as you like.
You may stay here for the night, but you'll have to leave in the morning.
You may stay here if you like, as long as you keep quiet.
You may stay here if you want to.
You may still do it if you want to.
You may take either of the two books.
You may take either the big box or the small one.
You may take photos outside this museum, but not inside.
You may take this book as long as you keep it clean.
You may talk as much as you like.
You may think those shoes are in fashion, but they aren't.
You may think your comment was innocuous, but I found it very offensive.
You may use my car at any time.
You may use my car whenever you want to.
You may use my car whenever you want.
You may use my pen at any time.
You may want to take a few steps back.
You mean the world to me, you really do.
You mean to say that you know the answer?
You might as well read a novel instead of staring at the ceiling.
You might as well throw your money away as spend it on gambling.
You might be the only one here who can do that.
You might be the only one who can do that.
You might get something in the mail today.
You might need to go to Australia next month.
You might not feel like doing that tomorrow.
You might want to childproof those electrical sockets.
You might want to have someone look into that matter.
You might want to put this someplace safe.
You might want to start telling the truth.
You might want to take a look at this.
You might want to think about this a little longer.
You might want to try working out a bit.
You must accept the king of Spain as your leader.
You must act in accordance with the rules.
You must avoid making those kinds of mistakes.
You must be blind as a bat if you couldn't see it.
You must be careful not to make him angry.
You must be careful not to waste time.
You must be careful when talking to a European.
You must be careful when you drive a car.
You must be careful with the wine glass.
You must be more careful from now on.
You must be more careful to avoid making a gross mistake.
You must be punished for what you've done.
You must be the temporary we asked for.
You must be tired after such a long trip.
You must be very proud of your son.
You must be worn out after working all day.
You must bear in mind what I've just said to you.
You must come every six months for a check-up.
You must concentrate your attention on what you are doing.
You must conquer your fear of the dark.
You must consider this problem as a whole.
You must consider what kind of work you want to do.
You must do exactly as I tell you.
You must do it even if you don't want to.
You must do that by the end of the week.
You must do the work even if you don't like it.
You must do the work, even if you do not like it.
You must finish this work in a week.
You must get off at the next station.
You must get rid of that bad habit.
You must get the job done before the deadline.
You must go and see the headmaster at once.
You must go outside if you want to smoke.
You must hand in your homework by Thursday without fail.
You must have a driver's license before you can drive a car.
You must have been surprised to find me alone with her last night.
You must have women throwing themselves at you all the time.
You must keep the promises that you make.
You must keep this machine free from dust.
You must kneel at my feet, kiss my hand and swear that I am an angel.
You must learn English whether you like it or not.
You must live in the present, not in the past.
You must make allowance for his lack of experience.
You must make an effort to get along with everyone.
You must not be afraid of making mistakes when learning a language.
You must not get off the train before it stops.
You must not invade the privacy of others.
You must not lose sight of your goal in life.
You must not lose sight of your main object.
You must not make noises in the classroom.
You must not take advantage of her innocence.
You must not talk with your mouth full.
You must not think about your immediate profit only.
You must pay attention to what your teacher says.
You must put an end to this foolish behavior.
You must realize that I can't help you.
You must realize that prosperity does not last forever.
You must remove your shoes when you enter a Japanese house.
You must see to it that the cakes do not burn.
You must teach me how to do that.
You must try and come to the party.
You must turn in your old license in order to get a new one.
You must work hard if you want to succeed.
You must've been surprised to meet your teacher in such a place.
You nearly poked me in the eye with your pencil.
You need a bat, a ball and gloves to play baseball.
You need a key to open the box.
You need a keycard to open the door.
You need a license to drive a car.
You need a passport to enter a foreign country.
You need some evidence to bolster your claim.
You need someone to help you, don't you?
You need to attach your photo to the application form.
You need to be careful when you're driving a car.
You need to be here by 2:30 at the latest.
You need to be here for your family.
You need to be more attentive in class.
You need to be more careful from now on.
You need to be strong to do something like that.
You need to buy some fruit and vegetables.
You need to calm down and pull yourself together.
You need to change the ink cartridge in your printer.
You need to decide what kind of person you want to be.
You need to do that as soon as possible.
You need to eat less and exercise more.
You need to eat something before you go to work.
You need to eat well to stay healthy.
You need to find a new line of work.
You need to find another way out of this situation.
You need to find the lowest common denominator.
You need to get off at the next station.
You need to get out of the house more often.
You need to get out of the house more.
You need to get up a bit earlier.
You need to have exact change to pay the toll of the expressway.
You need to know when to give up.
You need to learn how to be assertive.
You need to look at the big picture here.
You need to look at the big picture.
You need to look busy when the boss is around.
You need to pay extra for the batteries.
You need to pay your bills on time.
You need to put more paper in the printer.
You need to put some ice on your ankle to keep the swelling down.
You need to set the record straight once and for all.
You need to stop complaining all the time about things that can't be changed.
You need to stop doing that right now.
You need to stop ignoring email messages from Tom.
You need to stop saying no to Tom.
You need to take care of the dog.
You need to take off your shoes before entering.
You need to tell me what to do.
You need to wear thick socks to keep your feet warm.
You need to work on saving your marriage.
You needn't have taken an umbrella with you.
You never can tell what kind of job you might find.
You never can tell what you might find at that store.
You never get a second chance to make a first impression.
You never know what life may throw your way.
You never know what the future will bring.
You never know what you can do till you try.
You never know what's lurking in the shadows.
You never know when this might come in handy.
You never let me do what I want to do.
You never let me do what I want.
You never listen. I might as well talk to the wall.
You never told me that you didn't know how to speak French.
You never told me that you were married.
You never told me you had a brother.
You often need to spend more time doing something than you anticipated.
You only have 24 hours left to decide.
You ought not to call at this time of night.
You ought not to have disclosed the secret.
You ought not to have said a thing like that to him.
You ought not to make fun of them.
You ought not to stay up so late.
You ought to ask for your teacher's permission.
You ought to be quiet in a library.
You ought to have started half an hour ago.
You ought to have taken your father's advice.
You ought to have told me that before.
You ought to keep working while you have your health.
You ought to know better at your age.
You owe it to those who are dependent upon you to do this.
You owe it to yourself to do it.
You pay for the convenience of living near a station.
You probably don't want to talk to me.
You probably eat genetically modified fruits and vegetables all the time without knowing it.
You probably have enough money to live till you die.
You probably won't be able to do that.
You promised me that you would make something for us to eat.
You promised me that you would take care of them.
You promised me that you'd look after Tom.
You promised me that you'd make something for us to eat.
You promised me that you'd sell me that.
You promised me that you'd take care of them.
You promised not to be rude to me anymore.
You promised that you'd never do that again.
You put too much stuff in your wallet.
You really don't have a clue, do you?
You really should get this agreement down in writing.
You really should've told Tom not to come.
You really want to do this, don't you?
You remind me of a boy I used to know.
You remind me of myself when I was your age.
You remind me of somebody I used to know.
You remind me of someone I used to know.
You said you needed someone to protect you.
You said you wanted to ask me something.
You said you wanted to talk to me.
You said you were going to buy a new car.
You said you were going to handle it.
You said your boss was a nice guy.
You say you don't want to get your hands dirty.
You scared the living day lights out of me!
You see that tall building over there, don't you?
You seem a bit edgy today. Is something bothering you?
You seem to be afraid of my dog.
You seem to be depressed this morning. What's the matter?
You seem to be in a bad mood today.
You seem to be in such a nasty mood today.
You seem to be reluctant to do that.
You seem to be very knowledgeable about this.
You seem to have a crush on Tom.
You seem to have a lot of money to spend.
You seem to have mistaken me for my older brother.
You seem to have thought of something else.
You seem to know a great deal about me.
You seem to know a lot about me.
You seem to want me to talk you out of doing that.
You seem to want to take all the credit.
You should acquaint yourself with the local customs.
You should allow an hour to get to the airport.
You should always knock before entering Tom's room.
You should always save money for a rainy day.
You should always spend time doing things that help your children get ahead in life.
You should always wash your hands before meals.
You should always wear a seat belt when you are riding in a car.
You should apologize to her for being so distant.
You should apologize to her for having been rude to her.
You should apologize to Tom for being late.
You should ask a physician for his advice before taking this medicine.
You should ask your father for his advice and follow it.
You should assume that anything you do online is public.
You should assume that email messages aren't private.
You should assume that Tom already knows about the problem.
You should assume that Tom won't help us at all.
You should assume that we won't have enough money to buy everything we want.
You should avoid calling a person after ten at night.
You should be able to do this by yourself.
You should be able to walk in a few days.
You should be careful in your choice of friends.
You should be careful not to become overconfident.
You should be more careful at a crosswalk.
You should be more careful the next time.
You should be out of here by tomorrow.
You should be proud of what you've accomplished.
You should be used to this by now.
You should bone up on your French before your trip to Marseille.
You should brush your teeth after every meal.
You should buy her a gift card instead.
You should choose a job in relation to your talents and interests.
You should clean out the trunk of your car.
You should come over this evening for dinner.
You should concentrate on one thing and learn to do it well.
You should confer with your attorney on this matter.
You should consult a dictionary when you don't know the meaning of a word.
You should consult a doctor if the symptoms get worse.
You should cut up your meat before you eat it.
You should do that while you still can.
You should do that while you're still able to.
You should do the honorable thing and resign.
You should do whatever you think is right.
You should eat something a little more nutritious.
You should eat to live, not live to eat.
You should find a more constructive way of venting your anger.
You should free those animals from the cage.
You should get out once in a while.
You should get yourself examined by the doctor immediately.
You should give this task to some other person.
You should go and have your hair cut.
You should go home before I change my mind.
You should go out and have some fun.
You should go out for a walk with the children.
You should go to the dentist and have that tooth pulled out.
You should have a doctor examine your condition.
You should have a doctor look at that.
You should have been more careful with your health.
You should have helped him with his work.
You should have knocked before you came in.
You should have known better than to go out in the rain without an umbrella.
You should have learned how to swim when you were young.
You should have left half an hour earlier.
You should have mentioned it at the outset.
You should have paid more attention in physics class.
You should have refused such an unfair proposal.
You should have the doctor look at your wrist.
You should have told him about it while he was here.
You should have told it to me sooner.
You should have told me a long time ago.
You should have told me about the problem sooner.
You should inform your mother as soon as you can.
You should just relax and go to sleep.
You should keep clear of that side of town.
You should keep this machine clean and lubed.
You should keep your valuables in a safe place.
You should know better than to ask a lady her age.
You should know better than to spend all your money on clothes.
You should know better than to talk back to your boss.
You should learn how to use your dictionary.
You should let me do all the talking.
You should let Tom know that isn't going to happen.
You should let Tom know that that isn't going to happen.
You should let Tom know that that's not going to happen.
You should let Tom know that you can take care of yourself.
You should let Tom know that's not going to happen.
You should look after the children from time to time.
You should look out for potholes when driving.
You should look over the contract before you sign it.
You should make a fresh start in life.
You should make better use of your free time.
You should make good use of your time.
You should make sure of it before you go.
You should make sure of the facts before you write something.
You should make sure that you don't make Tom angry.
You should make sure that you tie a bowline.
You should never make big life decisions when you're emotional.
You should not cut in when someone else is talking.
You should not despise a man because he is poor.
You should not despise a man just because he is poorly paid.
You should not feel superior to other people.
You should not give your children everything they want.
You should not have done it without my permission.
You should not have done that. It was wrong.
You should not have lent the money to such a person.
You should obey the traffic laws when you drive.
You should omit this word from the sentence.
You should play with your cat more often.
You should polish your shoes before you go to the party.
You should practice playing the violin every day.
You should prepare a room for the visitor.
You should probably speak a little bit slower.
You should protect your eyes from direct sunlight.
You should put aside some money for a rainy day.
You should really come and visit us in Australia.
You should really lay off that. It'll ruin your health.
You should really tell Tom not to do that.
You should receive the letter by next Monday.
You should receive them by the end of the week.
You should see the look on your face.
You should see this film if you get the opportunity.
You should set a good example for your children.
You should spend a little time each day reviewing vocabulary.
You should spend less time complaining and more time doing something productive.
You should spend more time outside and less time inside.
You should spend more time studying than you do.
You should spend what little time you have left with your friends.
You should start as early as you can.
You should stay in the hospital for treatment.
You should stick those pictures in your album.
You should stockpile necessary supplies in case of a big earthquake.
You should take a canteen full of water with you.
You should take an umbrella with you this morning.
You should take care of your sick mother.
You should take the appropriate measures at the appropriate time.
You should take the time to do that.
You should take your car to Tom's Garage. He does a pretty good job.
You should tell Tom that you can't do that.
You should think before you begin to speak.
You should try not to scratch your mosquito bites.
You should try to be more like Tom.
You should try to figure it out for yourself.
You should try to form the habit of using your dictionaries.
You should try to live within your means.
You should visit Kyoto, which is famous for its old temples and shrines.
You should wash fruit before you eat it.
You should wash your hands before you eat.
You should wear your hair down more often. It looks great that way.
You should write it down before you forget it.
You shouldn't allow your son to act like a selfish brat.
You shouldn't always do what everyone else seems to be doing.
You shouldn't be drinking on an empty stomach.
You shouldn't depend too much on other people to help you.
You shouldn't drink so much coffee late at night.
You shouldn't eat any fish that come from this river.
You shouldn't eat just before going to bed.
You shouldn't eat just before you go to bed.
You shouldn't eat this meat. It smells bad.
You shouldn't get near my dog while he's eating.
You shouldn't go around telling lies about people.
You shouldn't go out at night by yourself.
You shouldn't hang out with people like that.
You shouldn't have come here to begin with.
You shouldn't have eaten so much ice cream.
You shouldn't have gone to such a dangerous place.
You shouldn't have gone to visit Tom alone.
You shouldn't have said that kind of thing to him.
You shouldn't judge a person by his looks.
You shouldn't keep a wild animal as a pet.
You shouldn't let children play with the kitchen knife.
You shouldn't let people use you like that.
You shouldn't let your girlfriend borrow your iPhone.
You shouldn't pop your bubble gum in class.
You shouldn't read people's private letters without permission.
You shouldn't ride a bicycle on the sidewalk.
You shouldn't say such a thing in the presence of children.
You shouldn't say that kind of thing when children are around.
You shouldn't share too much private information on the social networks.
You shouldn't stay up so late at night.
You shouldn't study all day long. You should go out and have some fun.
You shouldn't take the things Tom says seriously.
You shouldn't talk about people behind their backs.
You shouldn't talk to a bus driver while he's driving.
You shouldn't use the word "gay" as an insult.
You should've heeded my warning when you had the chance.
You should've let Tom do what he wanted to do.
You should've paid more attention in physics class.
You should've seen the look on your face.
You should've told me you weren't planning on going with us.
You should've told Tom that a long time ago.
You sing so much better than I do.
You smoke far too much. You should cut back.
You sort of hinted that you wanted me to ask you out.
You sound like you don't want to be an archaeologist.
You speak a bit too fast for me. Could you speak a bit more slowly, please?
You speak French a lot better than me.
You speak French very well. I wish I could speak it as well as you.
You spend too much time in front of your computer.
You still do that quite often, don't you?
You still have a lot to learn about women.
You still haven't told me how old you are.
You still haven't told me what your phone number is.
You still haven't told me when you get off work.
You still haven't told me where you live.
You still haven't told me who he is.
You still haven't told me why you decided not to go.
You still haven't told me why you quit your job.
You still haven't told me why you're here.
You sure know how to have a good time.
You sure ruffled her feathers with that anti-feminist joke.
You take me for a sucker, don't you?
You talk as if you were the boss.
You talk so fast I can't understand a word you say.
You talk to Tom. I'll talk to Mary.
You think I don't know what's going on?
You think you're awake, but you may, in fact, be dreaming.
You told her that you had finished the work three days before.
You told me that you were here yesterday.
You told me that you were just friends.
You told me you knew how to do that.
You told Tom not to come, didn't you?
You took the cookies out of the oven too soon.
You took the words right out of my mouth.
You tried to stop Tom from doing that, didn't you?
You two had a fight today, didn't you?
You want answers to questions you shouldn't ask.
You want me to do your dirty work for you, don't you?
You want me to help you, don't you?
You want me to wash my hands first, don't you?
You want to get out of here, don't you?
You want to go out for a drink?
You want to know the truth, don't you?
You wanted me to get a job, so I did.
You went to the park yesterday, didn't you?
You were alone at that time, weren't you?
You were always playing tricks on me when we were in junior high school.
You were behaving as if nothing had happened.
You were dying, but the doctor saved your life.
You were fussy when you were a baby.
You were here just the other day, weren't you?
You were just in the wrong place at the wrong time.
You were lucky that you didn't get caught in the rain.
You were nodding off at times during my lecture.
You were supposed to write a 300-word essay by today.
You were the first girl I ever kissed.
You were the last person to see Tom.
You were the one who gave me that tip.
You were the one who gave this to me.
You were the one who suggested I visit Tom.
You were told to stay on the ship.
You were wrong in not listening to him.
You weren't at home when I dropped by.
You will be better off buying a new one than trying to fix it.
You will be paid according to your ability.
You will come to like this kind of music.
You will do it whether you like it or not.
You will exist but you will never know what it is to live.
You will find this in a hardware store.
You will get the worst beating of your life.
You will miss Japanese food in the United States.
You will miss the train if you don't hurry.
You will never get far without the co-operation, confidence and comradeship of other men and women.
You will not be able to catch the train.
You will not be able to go through the book so quickly.
You will receive a confirmation email after your account has been activated by an administrator.
You will save time if you adopt this new procedure.
You will save your father a lot of worry if you simply write him a letter.
You will soon adapt yourself to this new life.
You will soon be convinced I am right.
You will soon be used to rural life.
You will soon cease to think of her.
You will soon come to like this town.
You will soon get accustomed to your new school.
You will soon get used to speaking in public.
You won't be able to catch the train.
You won't be able to get up so early.
You won't believe what happened to me today.
You won't believe who sat down next to me.
You won't drown if you learn how to swim.
You won't even remember me a few years from now.
You won't find a dog bigger than this one.
You won't find this book in any bookstore.
You won't find what you're looking for here.
You won't get rid of me so easily.
You won't get rid of me that easily.
You won't have to take charge of that.
You work too hard these days. Aren't you tired?
You worry too much about what others think of you.
You would have to practice the violin every day.
You would look stupid wearing your mother's dress.
You wouldn't be able to handle the pressure.
You wouldn't happen to have a pencil, would you?
You wouldn't want that to happen, would you?
You'd be a fool not to do that.
You'd be amazed how long it takes Tom to get ready in the morning.
You'd be amazed how many times I've told Tom not to do that.
You'd be amazed how much beer Tom drinks when he goes out.
You'd be amazed how much time Tom spends playing games.
You'd be surprised how well Tom can speak French.
You'd be surprised what you can learn in a week.
You'd better be careful not to catch cold.
You'd better cough up the money, or else.
You'd better do as the doctor advised you.
You'd better do what we told you to do.
You'd better do what your father told you to do.
You'd better eat everything that's on your plate.
You'd better go home as soon as possible.
You'd better go to see your family doctor at once.
You'd better keep your money for a rainy day.
You'd better lie low for a few weeks.
You'd better not drink too much coffee so late at night.
You'd better not swim if you've just eaten.
You'd better sober up before the boss gets back.
You'd better take an umbrella with you in case it rains.
You'd better take an umbrella with you today.
You'd better tell me if you did something wrong.
You'd better wear a sweater under your jacket.
You'd do the same thing if you were me.
You'd have done the same in my position.
You'd look a lot younger if you'd shave off your mustache.
You'll be able to play tennis better soon.
You'll be able to see the difference very easily.
You'll be able to take many pictures with your new camera.
You'll be all right again in a couple of days.
You'll be asked why you want to be a teacher.
You'll be asleep by the time your father gets home.
You'll be fired if you do that again.
You'll be in charge of the women working in this factory.
You'll be missed by your friends when you're gone.
You'll be paid according to the amount of work you do.
You'll crack up when you hear this joke.
You'll feel better after a hot cup of tea.
You'll feel better if you take this medicine.
You'll find it difficult to meet her requirements.
You'll find that book in the historical section of the library.
You'll get a clear picture with this antenna on the roof.
You'll get a lot of presents on your birthday.
You'll get a ticket if you park the car in front of a fire hydrant.
You'll get half the money now, and the other half on completion of the job.
You'll get into trouble if your parents find out.
You'll get plenty of chances to meet girls when you go to college.
You'll get there in time, as long as you don't miss the train.
You'll get there in time, so long as you don't miss the train.
You'll get used to it in no time.
You'll have to do it, whether you like it or not.
You'll have to do that on your own.
You'll have to learn all these dates by rote.
You'll have to stand on your toes to see.
You'll have to study harder from now on.
You'll have to take his place in case he can't come.
You'll have to tell me what you want to eat.
You'll have to wait at least an hour to get a ticket.
You'll have to work hard if you want to pass the exam.
You'll learn how to do it sooner or later.
You'll make the same mistake if things continue in this way.
You'll miss the train if you don't hurry.
You'll need a ticket to travel by bus.
You'll need this key to get into the building.
You'll never be able to keep it a secret.
You'll never believe what we got for Christmas.
You'll never find what you're looking for here.
You'll never get ahead in this place unless you go through the proper channels.
You'll never guess what happened to me today.
You'll never guess who I ran into in town today.
You'll never know whether you can do it or not if you don't try.
You'll remember this for the rest of your life.
You'll save yourself a lot of time if you take the car.
You'll soon be able to sing as well as Tom.
You'll soon get accustomed to this cold weather.
You'll soon get used to eating Japanese food.
You'll soon get used to living in the country.
You'll soon get used to speaking in public.
You'll soon get used to the change of climate.
You'll soon get used to the climate here.
You'll soon get used to the cold weather.
You'll strain your eyes trying to read in this light.
Young as he is, he has a large family to provide for.
Young men such as you are needed for this work.
Young people are prone to fall into temptation.
Young people tend to take things too far.
Young people were skating on the frozen pond.
Your answer to the question turned out to be wrong.
Your argument is not any more convincing than that of my stubborn father.
Your assumption that his death was an accident seems to be wrong.
Your being here means a lot to me.
Your breakfast is ready. Don't let it get cold.
Your camera is only half the size of mine.
Your car is fast, but mine is faster.
Your computer will restart several times during installation.
Your death will not have been in vain.
Your doctor says you're going to be OK.
Your dream may come true at any moment.
Your dream of becoming a baseball player will come true if you try hard.
Your dream will come true in the near future.
Your drinking is starting to affect the performance of your duties.
Your eccentricities can make you either charming or tedious.
Your effort will be rewarded in the long run.
Your efforts will be rewarded in the long run.
Your father would have been very proud of you.
Your father would've been very proud of you.
Your father's supporters are not limited to his friends.
Your feet are swollen because your shoes are too small.
Your feet will lead you to where your heart is.
Your fingerprints were found on the murder weapon.
Your grandfather was one of my best customers.
Your headache seems to be getting better already.
Your house is three times as large as mine.
Your ice cream will melt if you don't eat it quickly.
Your ideas about the government are different from mine.
Your initial order is subject to a special discount of 5%.
Your lives are in danger if you stay here.
Your lives will be spared if you surrender.
Your love is the only thing that keeps me alive.
Your memory is as good as mine, I think.
Your mother has made you what you are.
Your mother is trying to break up our marriage.
Your mother must've been beautiful when she was young.
Your mother will repeat it to you as many times as necessary.
Your name has been crossed off the list.
Your name has been removed from the list.
Your name is the first on the list.
Your offer is very attractive, but we will have to think about it.
Your order will be ready within half an hour.
Your parents must be so proud of you.
Your parents will never allow you to go.
Your PhD thesis has to be written in English.
Your philosophy of life is different than mine.
Your phone is on the dining room table.
Your phone rang several times while you were in the shower.
Your plan is a good one, but mine is a better one.
Your plan is a good one, but mine is better.
Your question is hard for me to answer.
Your question is not relevant to the subject.
Your room is the first one on the left.
Your room is twice the size of mine.
Your shipment should be delivered within twenty-four hours.
Your shoes are wet. Put them near the fire.
Your singing would put a professional singer to shame.
Your sister is lazier than all the other students.
Your son must be quite tall by now.
Your son will be well taken care of.
Your stitches will be removed in a few days.
Your stitches will need to be removed in a few days.
Your stupid remark just added fuel to the flames.
Your suggestion seems irrelevant to our discussion here.
Your tea will get cold if you don't drink it now.
Your wheels are out of alignment. You need to take the car in for service.
Your wife called and she wants you to get a pizza on the way home.
Your wife is going to ask you for a divorce.
Your wife's on the phone. She says it's urgent.
Your wish will come true in the near future.
Your words of encouragement meant a lot to me.
You're a good student, but you still have a lot to learn.
You're an idiot to go out in this weather.
You're asking me to do something I don't want to do.
You're back late. What have you been up to?
You're being a little too optimistic, I think.
You're being punished for what you did to Tom.
You're carrying your joke a bit too far.
You're certainly looking fit as a fiddle today.
You're crazy to buy such an expensive bike.
You're eating like you haven't eaten anything all day.
You're either with me or you're against me.
You're even prettier than Tom said you were.
You're exposing yourself to a lot of criticism.
You're far too young to be doing this.
You're fired! You have an hour to clean out your office.
You're going the wrong way. You have to turn round.
You're going to be late for school again.
You're going to be late if you don't hurry up.
You're going to be very proud of me.
You're going to break it if you're not careful.
You're going to come up against fierce competition.
You're going to electrocute yourself if you aren't more careful.
You're going to electrocute yourself if you're not careful.
You're going to get injured if you're not careful.
You're going to have to deal with that.
You're going to have to do better than that.
You're going to have to do better to convince me of that.
You're going to have to do that by yourselves.
You're going to have to pay for the repair.
You're going to have to stop doing that.
You're going to have to wait a bit.
You're going to turn a lot of heads with that dress.
You're going to wreck your eyesight if you play games all the time.
You're in favor of the plan, aren't you?
You're in luck. The plane is on time.
You're in no position to make any demands.
You're just going to have to trust me.
You're just not the person I thought you were.
You're just the man I want to see.
You're just the person I want to speak to.
You're just the person I was looking for.
You're just the person I've been looking for.
You're just trying to shift blame away from yourself.
You're likely not to even notice any difference.
You're lucky to have such a good job.
You're making a mountain out of a molehill.
You're more beautiful now than the day I first met you.
You're never going to believe what happened today.
You're not a killer and neither am I.
You're not allowed to go into that room.
You're not allowed to park on the pavement.
You're not as beautiful as you think you are.
You're not as good as you think you are.
You're not as young as you used to be.
You're not asking me to give up, are you?
You're not even close to the right answer.
You're not expecting me to help you, are you?
You're not going to call my parents, are you?
You're not going to do it, are you?
You're not going to do it, I hope.
You're not going to get away with it.
You're not going to get away with this.
You're not going to give up, are you?
You're not going to like that, are you?
You're not going to tell my parents, are you?
You're not going to tell on me, are you?
You're not going to the party dressed like that, are you?
You're not going to want to miss this.
You're not going to weasel out of it this time.
You're not going to weasel out of it.
You're not leaving Japan for good, are you?
You're not leaving until I say it's OK.
You're not much of a talker, are you?
You're not old enough to get a driver's license.
You're not permitted to do that in this country.
You're not ready and I don't want to wait.
You're not really going to do that, are you?
You're not really going to join the army, are you?
You're not suggesting Tom could have done it, are you?
You're not supposed to be smoking in here.
You're not supposed to do that, are you?
You're not supposed to eat on the job.
You're not supposed to wear shoes in here.
You're not telling me anything I don't know.
You're not the first one to say that.
You're not the first person to ask me that.
You're not the only one that was hurt.
You're not the only one who doesn't believe Tom.
You're not the only one who feels that way.
You're not the only one who thinks that.
You're not the only one who wants to leave.
You're not the only one with this problem.
You're not the only ones who think that.
You're not trying to trick me, are you?
You're old enough to stand on your own feet.
You're one of the few friends I have.
You're one of the few people who know where Tom is.
You're one of the stingiest people I know.
You're probably tired after such a long flight.
You're probably too young to understand what is likely to happen next.
You're probably too young to understand what's happening.
You're probably too young to understand why we have to do this.
You're required by law to appear in person.
You're running a big risk in trusting him.
You're safe as long as you stay here.
You're speaking a little too fast for me. Would you speak a little more slowly?
You're speaking too quietly for me to hear what you're saying.
You're spending less and less time with the children.
You're spending too much time on the computer.
You're starting to sound like your old man.
You're still too young to get a driver's license.
You're supposed to help your friends when they're in trouble.
You're supposed to hold it with both hands.
You're the best thing that ever happened to me.
You're the best thing that's ever happened to me.
You're the first person I told that to.
You're the first woman I've ever really loved.
You're the first woman that I've ever really loved.
You're the kind of guitarist I like to sing with.
You're the kind of guitarist that I like to sing with.
You're the last person I expected to see here.
You're the last person I would've expected to see here.
You're the last person that I expected to see here.
You're the most beautiful girl in the world.
You're the most beautiful girl I've ever seen.
You're the most beautiful woman in the whole world.
You're the most beautiful woman in the world.
You're the most beautiful woman I've ever held in my arms.
You're the most beautiful woman I've ever seen.
You're the most handsome man I've ever seen.
You're the most important person in my life.
You're the most incredible person I've ever met.
You're the one I've been wanting to meet.
You're the one that I've been looking for.
You're the one who brought up the subject.
You're the one who decided to do this job, right?
You're the one who should pay the bill.
You're the one who suggested buying this computer.
You're the only one that can help me.
You're the only one that can help us.
You're the only one that I can trust.
You're the only one to survive the attack, aren't you?
You're the only one who can do it.
You're the only one who can do that.
You're the only one who can do this.
You're the only one who can help me.
You're the only one who can help us.
You're the only one who can solve this problem.
You're the only one who doesn't look tired.
You're the only one who knows how to do this.
You're the only one who wants to do that, aren't you?
You're the only person I know besides me who likes medieval music.
You're the only person I know besides me who likes to do that.
You're the only person I know besides me who really understands this problem.
You're the only person I know besides me who would prefer to live in a tent.
You're the only person I know that can't swim.
You're the only person I know that likes getting up early in the morning.
You're the only person I know that never complains about the food here.
You're the only person I know that owns a gun.
You're the only person I know who can help me.
You're the only person I know who can play the French horn.
You're the only person I know who can probably answer this question.
You're the only person I know who can't swim.
You're the only person I know who is qualified for this job.
You're the only person I know who owns a gun.
You're the only person I know who regularly gets my name wrong.
You're the only person I know who's my age.
You're the only person that can do this.
You're the only person that can help me now.
You're the only person that can persuade him.
You're the only person that I can trust.
You're the only person that I know who can't swim.
You're the only person that I know who never complains about the food here.
You're the only person that I know who owns a gun.
You're the only person who can help me now.
You're the only person who ever comes to visit me.
You're the only person who shows me any respect.
You're the only woman I've ever really loved.
You're the person who best fits the position.
You're the second person that's said that to me today.
You're the second person to say that to me today.
You're the second person who's said that to me today.
You're the very man I want to see.
You're too thin. You ought to eat more.
You're too young to get a driver's license.
You're too young to know what a slide rule is.
You're under arrest for endangering the welfare of a minor.
You're wanted on the phone. It's from Tom.
You're wasting your time trying to convince Tom.
You're welcome to come with us if you want to.
You're welcome to stay as long as you want.
You're welcome to stay with us as long as you want.
You've always got to be ready for an emergency.
You've been gone for so long, and I can't remember what you look like.
You've been safe for a long time now.
You've bitten off more than you can chew.
You've both been very impressive today. I'm proud of you.
You've changed since I saw you last year.
You've changed. I didn't even recognize you at first.
You've done a pretty good job so far.
You've done a wonderful job on the interior decoration.
You've done nothing but complain ever since you got here.
You've got a bit of a fever today, don't you?
You've got a bright future ahead of you.
You've got a lot of nerve bringing me here under false pretenses.
You've got a lot of work ahead of you.
You've got a nerve to say such a thing!
You've got another four day's journey before you reach Moscow.
You've got my computer and I want it back.
You've got my sunglasses and I want them back.
You've got no alibi for the day of the murder.
You've got to be crazy to do something like that.
You've got to do it, whether you like it or not.
You've got to get me out of here.
You've got to give up gambling once and for all.
You've got to go even if you don't want to.
You've got to learn to hold your tongue.
You've got to tell Tom how you feel.
You've got to wait on the other side of the road.
You've got what it takes to do well in this job.
You've got your work cut out for you.
You've grown since the last time I saw you.
You've made no allowance for the fact that he is young.
You've put on a little weight, haven't you?
You've somehow managed to misconstrue what I have said.
You've still got all your life in front of you.
You've worked hard for months and have certainly earned a holiday.
You've worked with Tom for a long time, haven't you?
Yuck, there's a hair floating in the soup.
Zap it in the microwave for thirty seconds.
Zoology and botany deal with the study of life.
Zoology deals with the study of animal life.
Zurich is the second largest gold market in the world after London.
